<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel = "stylesheet" type = "text/css" href="project-website.css"></link>
        <title>Abrahamic Religons Textual Comparison</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <ul class="nav-bar">
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Home" href="home-page.xhtml">Home</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Methods" href="methods-page.xhtml">Methods</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Background" href="background-page.xhtml">Background</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Texts" href="texts-page.xhtml">Texts</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Results" href="results-page.xhtml">Results</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
        
        <h1>Background</h1>
        
        <div class="item">
            <h2>The Torah and Jusiasm</h2>
            <p>
                Judiasm, the oldest of the Abrahamic religions, is a monotheistic religion originiating around 1800 BCE.
                The primary belifs within Judaism are haighlighted in the Ten Commandments, which, according to Jewish (or Hebrew) scripture, were given to 
                Moses by God, and include commandments such as "you shall have no other gods before me," "you shall not kill," "you shall not steal," and "do not take the name of the Lord in vain." 
                While the primary Jewish text is the Torah (also known as the Pentateuch), the Tanakh (sometimes called the Hebrew Bible) is also important. 
            </p>            
        </div>
        
        <div class="item">
            <h2>The New Testament and Christianity</h2>
            <p>
                Christianity, the largest religon in the world by population, is a monotheistic religon based on the Jewish texts and beliefs. Christianity highlights the belief that 
                Jesus, the son of God, came to Earth as a man to save humanity from our sins. While the order of books is different, Christians adopt the entirety of Hebrew Scripture as the first section of their holy book, the Bible. 
            </p>
        </div>
        
        <div class="item">
            <h2>The Quran and Islam</h2>
            <p>
                Islam, the world's second largest religon by population, is a monotheistic religon and the youngest of the Abrahamic religions, with most considering the religon to have begun in 610 CE.
                Islamic faiths are based in the Quran, and the most essential components of the faith can be found within the five pillars of Islam, which include 
                a statement of faith, prayer five times a day, giving to charity, fasting during the month of Ramadan, and making a pilgrimage to Mecca.
            </p>
        </div>
        
        <div class="item">
            <h2>Note</h2>
            <p>
                While the three texts we read are central to their respective religons, no religion can be explained or understood through an analysis of their texts alone. It is also important to note that none of the texts are presented in their original languages, and therefore translation has had some impact on the wording and possibly the meaning of the passages. As such, the similarities or differences highlighted with the filters are contestable and many more specific observations would depend on the translation of the texts chosen. 
                For this project, the King James Version of both the Torah and the New Testament were used, and the Saheeh International version of the Quran was used. 
            </p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>

