<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel = "stylesheet" type = "text/css" href="project-website.css"></link>
        <title>Abrahamic Religons Textual Comparison</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <ul class="nav-bar">
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Home" href="home-page.xhtml">Home</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Methods" href="methods-page.xhtml">Methods</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Background" href="background-page.xhtml">Background</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Texts" href="texts-page.xhtml">Texts</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Results" href="results-page.xhtml">Results</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
        
        <h1>Methods</h1>
        
        <div class="item">
            <h2>Our Process</h2>
            <p>
                Each group member was given specific stories from one of the three texts to read, each one connecting to one of the other texts in some way, often through a shared character. 
                We focused on a number of recurring themes explained below, marking them up using criteria we had previously agreed on, and then proofread each other's markup before using it to create the filtering system. 
            </p>            
        </div>
                
        <div class="item">
            <h2>Elements and General Attributes</h2>
            <p>
                The elements we used, as well as their criteria for use, as described below.
            </p>
            <p>
                God - this element was used every time the text referenced God, including when he was not the subject. The element went around both the word "God" and the context within the sentence. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Love - this element was used when the word "love" was explicitly mentioned, or when a person was acting or commanded to act in a loving way. The attributes "others" "God" and "idols" were used to clarify the recipient of the love.
            </p>
            <p>
                Respect - this element was used when the word "respect" was used, or when an action or behavior seemed respecful in a more theoretical sence. As this element was particularly ambiguous, we made sure to pay special attention to it while proofreading.  
            </p>
            <p>
                Worship - this element was used when the characters in the text were praising God 
            </p>
            <p>
                Blessings - this element was used when the text literally said "blessings," as well as when miracles (generally from Jesus) were bestowed upon a person. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Heaven and Hell - these elements were used when the words "heaven" or "hell" were explicity mentioned, or when the text was clearly talking about one or the other. 
            </p>
        </div>
        
        <div class="item">
            <h2>Tone Attributes</h2>
            <p>
               In addition to the more straightforward elements, attributes were used to clarify the tone of the God element. These are explained below. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Creator - this attribute was used within the creation story. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Wrathful - this attrubute was used in instances when god is portrayed as vengeful, as long as the action was coming from God 
            </p>
            <p>
                Fear of - by contrast, this attribute was used to signify fear of God coming from humanity, and although the contexts in which the two were used were similar, this arrtibute requires the action to come from a person or people. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Loving - this attribute was used when the word "grace" was used in referece to God, or when he was showing affection towards humans or humanity. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Powerful - this attribute was used when God was portrayed as greater than others, or when words and phrases such as "almighty God' and "God commanded" were used. 
            </p>
            <p>
                Merciful - this attribute was used when the word "mercy: was used, or when God made the choice not to punish someone 
            </p>
        </div>
        
    </body>
</html>

