<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
      <title></title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="Quran.css" />
   </head>
   <body>
      <h1>Christian Scripture</h1>    
      
      <h2>Jesus 
         
         <h3>Luke</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:1:</strong> Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those
               things which are most surely believed among us,        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:2:</strong> Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses,
               and ministers of the word; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:3:</strong> It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the
               very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus,        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:4:</strong><span class="god">That thou mightest know the certainty of those things</span> That thou mightest know the certainty of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:5:</strong> There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias,
               of the course of Abia: and his wife [was] of the daughters of Aaron, and her name
               [was] Elisabeth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:6:</strong><span class="god">And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances
                  of the Lord blameless</span> And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances
               of the Lord blameless. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:7:</strong> And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were [now]
               well stricken in years. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:8:</strong><span class="god"> while he executed the priest’s office before God in the order of his course</span> And it came to pass, that while he executed the priest’s office before God in the
               order of his course,        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:9:</strong> According to the custom of the priest’s office, his lot was to burn incense when
               he went into the temple of the Lord. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:10:</strong> And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:11:</strong> And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the
               altar of incense. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:12:</strong><span class="god">And when Zacharias saw [him,] he was troubled, and fear fell upon him</span> And when Zacharias saw [him,] he was troubled, and fear fell upon him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:13:</strong><span class="god">said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth
                  shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John</span> But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy
               wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:14:</strong> And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:15:</strong><span class="god">For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord</span> For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor
               strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother’s womb.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:16:</strong> And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:17:</strong> And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of
               the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make
               ready a people prepared for the Lord. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:18:</strong> And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man,
               and my wife well stricken in years. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:19:</strong> &gt;And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence
               of God; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:20:</strong><span class="god">And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things
                  shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled
                  in their season.</span> And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these
               things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled
               in their season. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:21:</strong> And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so long in the
               temple. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:22:</strong> And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had
               seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:23:</strong> And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished,
               he departed to his own house. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:24:</strong> And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying,
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:25:</strong> Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on [me,] to take away
               my reproach among men. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:26:</strong><span class="god">the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth</span> And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee,
               named Nazareth, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:27:</strong> To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the
               virgin’s name [was] Mary. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:28:</strong> And the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, [thou that art] highly favoured,
               the Lord [is] with thee: blessed [art] thou among women. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:29:</strong> And when she saw [him,] she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what
               manner of salutation this should be.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:30:</strong><span class="god">Fear not, Mary</span><span class="god">for thou hast found favour with God</span> And the angel said unto her, Fear not, Mary: for thou hast found favour with God.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:31:</strong> And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call
               his name JESUS. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:32:</strong><span class="god">He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall
                  give unto him the throne of his father David</span> He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall
               give unto him the throne of his father David: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:33:</strong> And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall
               be no end. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:34:</strong> Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man? 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:35:</strong> And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and
               the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which
               shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:36:</strong> And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age:
               and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:37:</strong><span class="god">For with God nothing shall be impossible</span> For with God nothing shall be impossible. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:38:</strong> And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word.
               And the angel departed from her. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:39:</strong> And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city
               of Juda; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:40:</strong> And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:41:</strong> And it came to pass, that, when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe
               leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:42:</strong> And she spake out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed [art] thou among women, and
               blessed [is] the fruit of thy womb.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:43:</strong> And whence [is] this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me? 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:44:</strong> For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped
               in my womb for joy. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:45:</strong> And blessed [is] she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things
               which were told her from the Lord. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:46:</strong> And Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:47:</strong> And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:48:</strong> For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth
               all generations shall call me blessed. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:49:</strong> For he that is mighty hath done to me great things; and holy [is] his name.     
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:50:</strong><span class="god">mercy</span><span class="god">fear him from generation to generation</span> And his mercy [is] on them that fear him from generation to generation. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:51:</strong><span class="god">He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination
                  of their hearts</span> He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination
               of their hearts. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:52:</strong><span class="god">He hath put down the mighty from [their] seats, and exalted them of low degree</span> He hath put down the mighty from [their] seats, and exalted them of low degree. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:53:</strong><span class="god">He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away</span> He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:54:</strong><span class="god">He hath holpen his servant Israel, in remembrance of [his] mercy</span> He hath holpen his servant Israel, in remembrance of [his] mercy; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:55:</strong> As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:56:</strong> And Mary abode with her about three months, and returned to her own house. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:57:</strong> Now Elisabeth’s full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth
               a son. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:58:</strong><span class="god">her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon her; and they rejoiced
                  with her</span> And her neighbours and her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon
               her; and they rejoiced with her.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:59:</strong> And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and
               they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:60:</strong> And his mother answered and said, Not [so;] but he shall be called John. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:61:</strong> And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:62:</strong> And they made signs to his father, how he would have him called. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:63:</strong> And he asked for a writing table, and wrote, saying, His name is John. And they marvelled
               all. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:64:</strong> And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue [loosed,] and he spake, and
               praised God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:65:</strong><span class="god">And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised
                  abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea</span> And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised
               abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:66:</strong> And all they that heard [them] laid [them] up in their hearts, saying, What manner
               of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:67:</strong> And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying,
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:68:</strong> Blessed [be] the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people,
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:69:</strong> And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David;
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:70:</strong> As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began:
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:71:</strong><span class="god">That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us</span> That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us;
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:72:</strong><span class="god">To perform the mercy [promised] to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant</span> To perform the mercy [promised] to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant;
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:73:</strong> The oath which he sware to our father Abraham, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:74:</strong><span class="god">That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies
                  might serve him without fear</span> That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies
               might serve him without fear, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:75:</strong> In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:76:</strong> And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before
               the face of the Lord to prepare his ways; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:77:</strong> To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:78:</strong><span class="god">Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited
                  us</span> Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited
               us, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:79:</strong><span class="god">To give light to them that sit in darkness and [in] the shadow of death, to guide
                  our feet into the way of peace</span> To give light to them that sit in darkness and [in] the shadow of death, to guide
               our feet into the way of peace. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:80:</strong> And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day
               of his shewing unto Israel.</p>
         </div>    
         
         <h3>Luke</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:1:</strong> And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus,
               that all the world should be taxed. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:2:</strong> ([And] this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.) 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:3:</strong> And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:4:</strong> And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto
               the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage
               of David:) 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:5:</strong> To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:6:</strong> And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should
               be delivered. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:7:</strong> And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and
               laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:8:</strong> And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch
               over their flock by night. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:9:</strong> And, lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round
               about them: and they were sore afraid. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:10:</strong><span class="god">Fear not</span><span class="god"> behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people</span> And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of
               great joy, which shall be to all people. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:11:</strong> For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the
               Lord. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:12:</strong> And this [shall be] a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling
               clothes, lying in a manger. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:13:</strong> And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God,
               and saying, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:14:</strong> Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:15:</strong> And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds
               said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is
               come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:16:</strong> And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:17:</strong> And when they had seen [it,] they made known abroad the saying which was told them
               concerning this child.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:18:</strong> And all they that heard [it] wondered at those things which were told them by the
               shepherds. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:19:</strong> But Mary kept all these things, and pondered [them] in her heart. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:20:</strong> And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they
               had heard and seen, as it was told unto them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:21:</strong> And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name
               was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:22:</strong> And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished,
               they brought him to Jerusalem, to present [him] to the Lord; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:23:</strong> (As it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male that openeth the womb shall
               be called holy to the Lord;) 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:24:</strong> And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord,
               A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:25:</strong> And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name [was] Simeon; and the same
               man [was] just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost
               was upon him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:26:</strong> And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before
               he had seen the Lord’s Christ. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:27:</strong> And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child
               Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:28:</strong> Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God, and said, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:29:</strong> Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:30:</strong> For mine eyes have seen thy salvation, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:31:</strong> Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:32:</strong> A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:33:</strong> And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:34:</strong><span class="god">Behold, this [child] is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for
                  a sign which shall be spoken against</span> And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother, Behold, this [child] is set
               for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken
               against; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:35:</strong> (Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many
               hearts may be revealed. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:36:</strong> And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser:
               she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity;
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:37:</strong> And she [was] a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from
               the temple, but served [God] with fastings and prayers night and day. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:38:</strong> And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord, and spake of him
               to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:39:</strong> And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned
               into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:40:</strong><span class="god">And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace
                  of God was upon him</span> And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace
               of God was upon him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:41:</strong> Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:42:</strong> And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the
               feast. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:43:</strong> And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind
               in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not [of it. ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:44:</strong> But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day’s journey; and they
               sought him among [their] kinsfolk and acquaintance. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:45:</strong> And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:46:</strong> And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting
               in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:47:</strong> And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:48:</strong> And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast
               thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:49:</strong> And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about
               my Father’s business? 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:50:</strong> And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:51:</strong> And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but
               his mother kept all these sayings in her heart. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:52:</strong> And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man.</p>
         </div>      
         
         <h3>John</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:1:</strong> And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus
               was there: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:2:</strong> And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:3:</strong> And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:4:</strong> Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:5:</strong> His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do [it. ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:6:</strong> And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying
               of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:7:</strong> Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to
               the brim. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:8:</strong> And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And
               they bare [it. ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:9:</strong> When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not
               whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast
               called the bridegroom, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:10:</strong> And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when
               men have well drunk, then that which is worse: [but] thou hast kept the good wine
               until now. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:11:</strong> This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his
               glory; and his disciples believed on him.</p>
         </div>    
         
         <h3>Matthew</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:13:</strong> Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:14:</strong> But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou
               to me? 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:15:</strong><span class="god">Suffer [it to be so] now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then
                  he suffered him</span> And Jesus answering said unto him, Suffer [it to be so] now: for thus it becometh
               us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:16:</strong> And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the
               heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove,
               and lighting upon him: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:17:</strong><span class="god"> This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased</span> And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.</p>
         </div>    
         
         <h3>Luke</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:22:</strong> Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples:
               and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched
               forth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:23:</strong> But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake;
               and they were filled [with water,] and were in jeopardy. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:24:</strong><span class="god">Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased,
                  and there was a calm</span> And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish. Then he arose,
               and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a
               calm. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:25:</strong><span class="god">And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying
                  one to another, What manner of man is this!</span> And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying
               one to another, What manner of man is this! for he commandeth even the winds and water,
               and they obey him.</p>
         </div> 
         
         <h3>John</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:1:</strong> Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged [him. ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:2:</strong> And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put [it] on his head, and they put
               on him a purple robe,        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:3:</strong> And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:4:</strong> Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth
               to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:5:</strong> Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And [Pilate]
               saith unto them, Behold the man!        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:6:</strong> When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify
               [him,] crucify [him.] Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify [him:] for
               I find no fault in him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:7:</strong> The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he
               made himself the Son of God.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:8:</strong> When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:9:</strong> And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But
               Jesus gave him no answer. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:10:</strong> Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have
               power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:11:</strong><span class="god">Thou couldest have no power [at all] against me, except it were given thee from above:
                  therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin</span> Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power [at all] against me, except it were given
               thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin.  
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:12:</strong> And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying,
               If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar’s friend: whosoever maketh himself a
               king speaketh against Caesar.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:13:</strong> When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in
               the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:14:</strong> And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith
               unto the Jews, Behold your King! 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:15:</strong> But they cried out, Away with [him,] away with [him,] crucify him. Pilate saith unto
               them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:16:</strong> Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and
               led [him] away. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:17:</strong> And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called [the place] of a skull, which
               is called in the Hebrew Golgotha: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:18:</strong> Where they crucified him, and two others with him, on either side one, and Jesus
               in the midst.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:19:</strong> And Pilate wrote a title, and put [it] on the cross. And the writing was, JESUS OF
               NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:20:</strong> This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was
               nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, [and] Greek, [and] Latin. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:21:</strong> Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews;
               but that he said, I am King of the Jews. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:22:</strong> Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:23:</strong> Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four
               parts, to every soldier a part; and also [his] coat: now the coat was without seam,
               woven from the top throughout. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:24:</strong> They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose
               it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment
               among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers
               did.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:25:</strong> Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother’s sister, Mary the
               [wife] of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:26:</strong> When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved,
               he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son! 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:27:</strong> Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple
               took her unto his own [home. ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:28:</strong> After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture
               might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:29:</strong> Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar,
               and put [it] upon hyssop, and put [it] to his mouth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:30:</strong><span class="god">It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost</span> When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed
               his head, and gave up the ghost. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:31:</strong> The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain
               upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought
               Pilate that their legs might be broken, and [that] they might be taken away. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:32:</strong> Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was
               crucified with him.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:33:</strong> But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his
               legs: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:34:</strong> But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out
               blood and water. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:35:</strong> And he that saw [it] bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he
               saith true, that ye might believe. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:36:</strong> For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him
               shall not be broken. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:37:</strong> And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.    
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:38:</strong> And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for
               fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate
               gave [him] leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:39:</strong> And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought
               a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound [weight. ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:40:</strong> Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices,
               as the manner of the Jews is to bury.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:41:</strong> Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new
               sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 19:42:</strong> There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews’ preparation [day;] for the sepulchre
               was nigh at hand.</p>
         </div>     
         
         <h3>Luke</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:26:</strong> And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of
               the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear [it] after Jesus.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:27:</strong> And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed
               and lamented him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:28:</strong><span class="god">Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for
                  yourselves, and for your children</span> But Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep
               for yourselves, and for your children. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:29:</strong> For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, Blessed [are] the
               barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck.       
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:30:</strong> Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover
               us. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:31:</strong> For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?     
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:32:</strong> And there were also two others, malefactors, led with him to be put to death. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:33:</strong> And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified
               him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.      
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:34:</strong><span class="god">Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment,
                  and cast lots</span> Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted
               his raiment, and cast lots. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:35:</strong><span class="god">He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God</span> And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided [him,] saying,
               He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:36:</strong> And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:37:</strong> And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:38:</strong> And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and
               Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:39:</strong> And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ,
               save thyself and us.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:40:</strong><span class="god">Dost not thou fear God</span> But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou
               art in the same condemnation? 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:41:</strong> And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath
               done nothing amiss. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:42:</strong> And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 23:43:</strong><span class="god">Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise</span> And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in
               paradise.</p>
         </div>  
         
         <h3>John</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 14:6:</strong><span class="god">Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the
                  Father, but by me</span> Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the
               Father, but by me. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 14:7:</strong> If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know
               him, and have seen him. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 14:8:</strong> Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 14:9:</strong> Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known
               me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou [then,]
               Shew us the Father? 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 14:10:</strong> Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that
               I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth
               the works. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 14:11:</strong><span class="god">Believe me that I [am] in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for
                  the very works’ sake</span> Believe me that I [am] in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for
               the very works’ sake.</p>
         </div>     
         
         <h3>Philippians</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:5:</strong> Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:6:</strong> Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:7:</strong><span class="god">But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was
                  made in the likeness of men</span> But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was
               made in the likeness of men: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:8:</strong> And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto
               death, even the death of the cross.</p>
         </div>      
         
         <h3>Colossians</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:15:</strong><span class="god">Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature</span> Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:16:</strong><span class="god">For by him were all things created </span><span class="god">and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether [they be] thrones, or dominions,
                  or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him</span> For by him were all things created , that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible
               and invisible, whether [they be] thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers:
               all things were created by him, and for him: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:17:</strong><span class="god">And he is before all things, and by him all things consist</span> And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:18:</strong> And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from
               the dead; that in all [things] he might have the preeminence. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:19:</strong> For it pleased [the Father] that in him should all fulness dwell; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:20:</strong><span class="god">having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto
                  himself; by him, [I say,]</span> And, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things
               unto himself; by him, [I say,] whether [they be] things in earth, or things in heaven.</p>
         </div>    
         
         <h3>Luke</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:66:</strong> And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priests and the
               scribes came together, and led him into their council, saying, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:67:</strong> Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe:
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:68:</strong> And if I also ask [you,] ye will not answer me, nor let [me] go. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:69:</strong> Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:70:</strong><span class="god">Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that
                  I am</span> Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that
               I am. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:71:</strong> And they said, What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his
               own mouth.</p>
         </div>            
         </h2>
      
      	
      
      <h2>Parables     
         
         <h3>Matthew</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:10:</strong> And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables?
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:11:</strong><span class="god">Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of</span><span class="god"> but to them it is not given</span> He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries
               of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:12:</strong><span class="god">For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever
                  hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath</span> For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but
               whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:13:</strong> Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they
               hear not, neither do they understand. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:14:</strong> And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall
               hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:15:</strong><span class="god">For this people’s heart is waxed gross, and [their] ears are dull of hearing, and
                  their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with [their] eyes, and
                  hear with [their] ears, and should understand with [their] heart, and should be converted,
                  and I should heal them</span> For this people’s heart is waxed gross, and [their] ears are dull of hearing, and
               their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with [their] eyes, and
               hear with [their] ears, and should understand with [their] heart, and should be converted,
               and I should heal them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 13:16:</strong> But blessed [are] your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear.</p>
         </div>            
         </h2>
      	
      	
      
      <h2>Revelations
         
         <h3>Revelations</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:1:</strong><span class="god">The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants
                  things which must shortly come to pass</span> The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants
               things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified [it] by his angel
               unto his servant John: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:2:</strong><span class="god">Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ</span> Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of
               all things that he saw. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:3:</strong> Blessed [is] he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and
               keep those things which are written therein: for the time [is] at hand.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:4:</strong> John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace [be] unto you, and peace, from
               him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which
               are before his throne; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:5:</strong> And from Jesus Christ, [who is] the faithful witness, [and] the first begotten of
               the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed
               us from our sins in his own blood,        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:6:</strong> And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him [be] glory and
               dominion for ever and ever. Amen. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:7:</strong> Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they [also] which
               pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:8:</strong><span class="god">I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and
                  which was, and which is to come, the Almighty</span> I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and
               which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:9:</strong> I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom
               and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word
               of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:10:</strong> I was in the Spirit on the Lord’s day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a
               trumpet, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:11:</strong><span class="god"> What thou seest, write in a book, and send [it] unto the seven churches which are
                  in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and
                  unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea</span> Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write
               in a book, and send [it] unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus,
               and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia,
               and unto Laodicea. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:12:</strong> And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden
               candlesticks; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:13:</strong> And in the midst of the seven candlesticks [one] like unto the Son of man, clothed
               with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:14:</strong> His head and [his] hairs [were] white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes [were]
               as a flame of fire; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:15:</strong> And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice
               as the sound of many waters. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:16:</strong> And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged
               sword: and his countenance [was] as the sun shineth in his strength. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:17:</strong><span class="god">And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me,
                  saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last</span> And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me,
               saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:18:</strong><span class="god">I [am] he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen</span> I [am] he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen;
               and have the keys of hell and of death.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:19:</strong> Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which
               shall be hereafter;        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 1:20:</strong> The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven
               golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the
               seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:1:</strong> Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth
               the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks;
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:2:</strong> I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them
               which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are not,
               and hast found them liars: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:3:</strong> And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name’s sake hast laboured, and hast
               not fainted. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:4:</strong><span class="god">Nevertheless I have [somewhat] against thee, because thou hast left thy first love</span> Nevertheless I have [somewhat] against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:5:</strong> Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works;
               or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his
               place, except thou repent. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:6:</strong> But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also
               hate.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:7:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him
               that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the
               paradise of God.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:8:</strong> And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and
               the last, which was dead, and is alive; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:9:</strong> I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and [I know]
               the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but [are] the synagogue
               of Satan. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:10:</strong><span class="god">Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer</span> Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast [some]
               of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days:
               be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:11:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that
               overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:12:</strong> And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he which hath
               the sharp sword with two edges; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:13:</strong> I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, [even] where Satan’s seat [is:] and thou
               holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas
               [was] my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:14:</strong> But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the
               doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children
               of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:15:</strong> So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I
               hate. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:16:</strong> Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the
               sword of my mouth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:17:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him
               that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white
               stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth
               [it.        ]
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:18:</strong><span class="god">These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and
                  his feet [are] like fine brass</span> And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of
               God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet [are] like fine brass;
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:19:</strong> I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy
               works; and the last [to be] more than the first. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:20:</strong> Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman
               Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to
               commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:21:</strong> And I gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she repented not. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:22:</strong> Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great
               tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:23:</strong> And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am
               he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according
               to your works. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:24:</strong> But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine,
               and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none
               other burden. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:25:</strong> But that which ye have [already] hold fast till I come. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:26:</strong> And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power
               over the nations: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:27:</strong> And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they
               be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:28:</strong> And I will give him the morning star. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:29:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.      
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:1:</strong><span class="god">These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know
                  thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead</span> And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he that hath
               the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a
               name that thou livest, and art dead. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:2:</strong><span class="god">Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I
                  have not found thy works perfect before God</span> Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I
               have not found thy works perfect before God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:3:</strong> Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If
               therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not
               know what hour I will come upon thee. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:4:</strong> Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they
               shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:5:</strong> He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot
               out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father,
               and before his angels.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:6:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.      
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:7:</strong> And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that
               is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man
               shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:8:</strong> I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut
               it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my
               name. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:9:</strong> Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and
               are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet,
               and to know that I have loved thee. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:10:</strong> Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour
               of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the
               earth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:11:</strong> Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:12:</strong><span class="god">Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go
                  no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city
                  of my God, [which is] new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of</span><span class="god">from my God: and [I will write upon him] my new name</span> Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go
               no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city
               of my God, [which is] new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God:
               and [I will write upon him] my new name. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:13:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.      
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:14:</strong><span class="god">These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation
                  of God</span> And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith the
               Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God;       
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:15:</strong> I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:16:</strong> So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out
               of my mouth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:17:</strong> Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing;
               and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked:
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:18:</strong> I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and
               white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and [that] the shame of thy nakedness
               do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:19:</strong> As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:20:</strong> Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door,
               I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:21:</strong> To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame,
               and am set down with my Father in his throne.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 3:22:</strong> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.</p>
         </div>        
         
         <h3>Revelations</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:1:</strong> And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space
               of half an hour. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:2:</strong><span class="god">And I saw the seven angels which stood before God</span> And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:3:</strong> And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there
               was given unto him much incense, that he should offer [it] with the prayers of all
               saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:4:</strong><span class="god">And the smoke of the incense, [which came] with the prayers of the saints, ascended
                  up before God</span> And the smoke of the incense, [which came] with the prayers of the saints, ascended
               up before God out of the angel’s hand. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:5:</strong> And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast [it]
               into the earth: and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:6:</strong> And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound. 
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:7:</strong> The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and
               they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green
               grass was burnt up. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:8:</strong> And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was
               cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:9:</strong> And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and
               the third part of the ships were destroyed.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:10:</strong> And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as
               it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains
               of waters;        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:11:</strong><span class="god">And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became
                  wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter</span> And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became
               wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:12:</strong> And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the
               third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them
               was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 8:13:</strong><span class="god">Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the
                  trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound</span> And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with
               a loud voice, Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other
               voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound!        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:1:</strong> And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from heaven unto the earth: and
               to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:2:</strong> And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the
               smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke
               of the pit. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:3:</strong> And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power,
               as the scorpions of the earth have power. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:4:</strong><span class="god">And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither
                  any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God
                  in their foreheads</span> And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither
               any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God
               in their foreheads. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:5:</strong><span class="god">And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented
                  five months: and their torment [was] as the torment of a scorpion, when he striketh
                  a man</span> And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be
               tormented five months: and their torment [was] as the torment of a scorpion, when
               he striketh a man. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:6:</strong><span class="god">And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to
                  die, and death shall flee from them</span> And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to
               die, and death shall flee from them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:7:</strong> And the shapes of the locusts [were] like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on
               their heads [were] as it were crowns like gold, and their faces [were] as the faces
               of men. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:8:</strong> And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as [the teeth] of lions.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:9:</strong> And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their
               wings [was] as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:10:</strong> And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and
               their power [was] to hurt men five months. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:11:</strong> And they had a king over them, [which is] the angel of the bottomless pit, whose
               name in the Hebrew tongue [is] Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath [his] name Apollyon.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:12:</strong><span class="god">One woe is past; [and,] behold, there come two woes more hereafter</span> One woe is past; [and,] behold, there come two woes more hereafter.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:13:</strong><span class="god">I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God</span> And the sixth angel sounded, and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden
               altar which is before God,        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:14:</strong> Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are
               bound in the great river Euphrates. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:15:</strong><span class="god">And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a
                  month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men</span> And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and
               a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:16:</strong> And the number of the army of the horsemen [were] two hundred thousand thousand:
               and I heard the number of them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:17:</strong> And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates
               of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses [were] as the
               heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:18:</strong><span class="god">By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and
                  by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths</span> By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and
               by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:19:</strong> For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails [were] like
               unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:20:</strong> And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of
               the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold,
               and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor
               walk: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 9:21:</strong> Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication,
               nor of their thefts.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:1:</strong> And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud: and a
               rainbow [was] upon his head, and his face [was] as it were the sun, and his feet as
               pillars of fire: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:2:</strong> And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea,
               and [his] left [foot] on the earth, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:3:</strong> And cried with a loud voice, as [when] a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven
               thunders uttered their voices. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:4:</strong> And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I
               heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders
               uttered, and write them not.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:5:</strong> And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand
               to heaven, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:6:</strong><span class="god">And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created</span><span class="god">and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and
                  the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer</span> And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created heaven, and the things
               that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and
               the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:7:</strong><span class="god">the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets</span> But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound,
               the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:8:</strong> And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, Go [and] take
               the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea
               and upon the earth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:9:</strong> And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said
               unto me, Take [it,] and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall
               be in thy mouth sweet as honey. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:10:</strong> And I took the little book out of the angel’s hand, and ate it up; and it was in
               my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 10:11:</strong> And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and
               tongues, and kings.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:1:</strong> And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, Rise,
               and measure the temple of God, and the altar, and them that worship therein. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:2:</strong> But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is
               given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty [and]
               two months.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:3:</strong><span class="god">And I will give [power] unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand
                  two hundred [and] threescore days, clothed in sackcloth</span> And I will give [power] unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand
               two hundred [and] threescore days, clothed in sackcloth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:4:</strong><span class="god">two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth</span> These are the two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of
               the earth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:5:</strong><span class="god">And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their
                  enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed</span> And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth
               their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:6:</strong> These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy:
               and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all
               plagues, as often as they will. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:7:</strong><span class="god">And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of
                  the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill
                  them</span> And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of
               the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill
               them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:8:</strong><span class="god">And their dead bodies [shall lie] in the street of the great city, which spiritually
                  is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified</span> And their dead bodies [shall lie] in the street of the great city, which spiritually
               is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:9:</strong> And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead
               bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in
               graves. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:10:</strong> And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall
               send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on
               the earth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:11:</strong><span class="god">And after three days and an half the Spirit of life from God entered into them, and
                  they stood upon their feet</span><span class="god">great fear fell upon them which saw them</span> And after three days and an half the Spirit of life from God entered into them, and
               they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which saw them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:12:</strong> And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And they
               ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:13:</strong><span class="god">And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell,
                  and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted,
                  and gave glory to the God of</span> And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell,
               and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted,
               and gave glory to the God of        heaven. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:14:</strong> The second woe is past; [and,] behold, the third woe cometh quickly. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:15:</strong><span class="god">The kingdoms of this world are become [the kingdoms] of our Lord, and of his Christ;
                  and he shall reign for ever and ever</span> And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The
               kingdoms of this world are become [the kingdoms] of our Lord, and of his Christ; and
               he shall reign for ever and ever.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:16:</strong> And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their
               faces, and worshipped God , 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:17:</strong> Saying, We give thee thanks, O Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to
               come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:18:</strong><span class="god">them that fear thy name</span> And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that
               they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets,
               and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy
               them which destroy the earth. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:19:</strong><span class="god">And the temple of God was opened in</span><span class="god"> and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings,
                  and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail</span> And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the
               ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and
               an earthquake, and great hail.</p>
         </div>     
         
         <h3>Revelations</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:1:</strong> And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth
               were passed away; and there was no more sea. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:2:</strong><span class="god">And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of </span> And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven,
               prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:3:</strong><span class="god">Behold, the tabernacle of God [is] with men, and he will dwell with them, and they
                  shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, [and be] their God</span> And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God [is]
               with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself
               shall be with them, [and be] their God. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:4:</strong><span class="god">And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death,
                  neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things
                  are passed away</span> And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death,
               neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things
               are passed away. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:5:</strong><span class="god">Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true
                  and faithful</span> And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said
               unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:6:</strong><span class="god"> I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst
                  of the fountain of the water of life freely</span> And he said unto me, It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end.
               I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:7:</strong><span class="god">He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be
                  my son</span> He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall
               be my son. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:8:</strong><span class="god">But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers,
                  and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which
                  burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death</span> But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers,
               and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which
               burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:9:</strong> And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of
               the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee
               the bride, the Lamb’s wife. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:10:</strong><span class="god">shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of</span><span class="god"> from God</span> And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me
               that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:11:</strong><span class="god">Having the glory of God: and her light [was] like unto a stone most precious, even
                  like a jasper stone, clear as crystal</span> Having the glory of God: and her light [was] like unto a stone most precious, even
               like a jasper stone, clear as crystal; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:12:</strong> And had a wall great and high, [and] had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels,
               and names written thereon, which are [the names] of the twelve tribes of the children
               of Israel: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:13:</strong> On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and
               on the west three gates. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:14:</strong> And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve
               apostles of the Lamb. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:15:</strong> And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof,
               and the wall thereof. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:16:</strong> And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he
               measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth
               and the height of it are equal.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:17:</strong> And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred [and] forty [and] four cubits, [according
               to] the measure of a man, that is, of the angel. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:18:</strong> And the building of the wall of it was [of] jasper: and the city [was] pure gold,
               like unto clear glass. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:19:</strong> And the foundations of the wall of the city [were] garnished with all manner of precious
               stones. The first foundation [was] jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony;
               the fourth, an emerald; 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:20:</strong> The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolite; the eighth, beryl;
               the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth,
               an amethyst. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:21:</strong> And the twelve gates [were] twelve pearls; every several gate was of one pearl: and
               the street of the city [was] pure gold, as it were transparent glass.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:22:</strong><span class="god">And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple
                  of it</span> And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple
               of it. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:23:</strong><span class="god">And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the
                  glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb [is] the light thereof</span> And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the
               glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb [is] the light thereof. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:24:</strong> And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings
               of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:25:</strong> And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night
               there. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:26:</strong><span class="god">And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it</span> And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 21:27:</strong> And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither [whatsoever]
               worketh abomination, or [maketh] a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb’s book
               of life.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:1:</strong><span class="god">And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of
                  the throne of God and of the Lamb</span> And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out
               of the throne of God and of the Lamb. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:2:</strong> In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, [was there] the
               tree of life, which bare twelve [manner] of fruits, [and] yielded her fruit every
               month: and the leaves of the tree [were] for the healing of the nations. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:3:</strong> And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be
               in it; and his servants shall serve him: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:4:</strong> And they shall see his face; and his name [shall be] in their foreheads. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:5:</strong><span class="god">for the Lord God giveth them light</span> And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the
               sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever. 
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:6:</strong> And he said unto me, These sayings [are] faithful and true: and the Lord God of the
               holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly
               be done. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:7:</strong> Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of
               this book.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:8:</strong> And I John saw these things, and heard [them.] And when I had heard and seen, I fell
               down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:9:</strong> Then saith he unto me, See [thou do it] not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy
               brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:10:</strong> And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the
               time is at hand. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:11:</strong><span class="god">He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy
                  still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy,
                  let him be holy still</span> He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy
               still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy,
               let him be holy still. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:12:</strong> And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward [is] with me, to give every man according
               as his work shall be. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:13:</strong><span class="god">I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last</span> I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:14:</strong> Blessed [are] they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree
               of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city. 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:15:</strong><span class="god">For without [are] dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters,
                  and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie</span> For without [are] dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters,
               and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:16:</strong><span class="god">I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am
                  the root and the offspring of David, [and] the bright and morning star</span> I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I
               am the root and the offspring of David, [and] the bright and morning star.       
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:17:</strong><span class="god">And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let
                  him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely</span> And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let
               him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:18:</strong><span class="god">For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book,
                  If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are
                  written in this book</span> For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book,
               If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are
               written in this book: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:19:</strong><span class="god">And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall
                  take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and [from] the
                  things which are written in this book</span> And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall
               take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and [from] the
               things which are written in this book.        
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 22:20:</strong> He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come,
               Lord Jesus.</p>
         </div>        
         </h2>
      	
      	
      
      <h2>Abraham   
         
         <h3>Hebrews</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:8:</strong> By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after
               receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went.
               
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:9:</strong> By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as [in] a strange country, dwelling
               in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise: 
               	</p>
         </div>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 11:10:</strong><span class="god">For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker [is] God</span> For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker [is] God.</p>
         </div>     
         
         <h3>James</h3>
         <div class="verse">
            <p><strong>Verse 2:21:</strong> Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son
               upon the altar?</p>
         </div>
         </h2>
      </body>
</html>