<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Quran</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="document" name="Quran">
            <div class="story">
                <h1>Creation</h1>
                <div class="chapter" number="14">
                    <h2>Chapter 14</h2>
                    <p class="verse" number="32">
                        <span class="god" characterization="creator">God</span> is He Who created the heavens and the earth, and sends down water from the sky, and with it produces fruits for your sustenance. And He committed the ships to your service, sailing through the sea by His command, and He committed the rivers to your service.
                    </p>
                    <p class="verse" number="33">
                        And He committed the sun and the moon to your service, both continuously pursuing their courses, and He committed the night and the day to your service.
                    </p>
                    <p class="verse" number="34">
                        And He has given you something of all what you asked. And if you were to count <span class="god" characterization="creator">God</span>’s blessings, you would not be able to enumerate them. The human being is unfair and ungrateful.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div class="chapter" number="23">
                    <h2>Chapter 23</h2>
                    <p class="verse" number="12">
                        We created man from an extract of clay.
                    </p>
                    <p class="verse" number="13">
                        Then We made him a seed, in a secure repository.
                    </p>
                    <p class="verse" number="14">
                        Then We developed the seed into a clot. Then We developed the clot into a lump. Then We developed the lump into bones. Then We clothed the bones with flesh. Then We produced it into another creature. Most Blessed is <span class="god" characterization="creator">God</span>, the Best of Creators.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div class="chapter" number="35">
                    <h2>Chapter 35</h2>
                    <p class="verse" number="1">
                        Praise be to <span class="god" characterization="creator">God</span>, Originator of the heavens and the earth, Maker of the angels messengers with wings—double, triple, and quadruple. He adds to creation as He wills. <span class="god" characterization="creator">God</span> is Able to do all things.
                    </p>
                </div>
                <div class="chapter" number="39">
                    <h2>Chapter 39</h2>
                    <p class="verse" number="62">
                        <span class="god" characterization="creator">God</span> is the Creator of all things, and He is in Charge of all things.
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
