<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel = "stylesheet" type = "text/css" href="project-website.css"></link>
        <title>Abrahamic Religons Textual Comparison</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <ul class="nav-bar">
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Home" href="home-page.xhtml">Home</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Methods" href="methods-page.xhtml">Methods</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Background" href="background-page.xhtml">Background</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Texts" href="texts-page.xhtml">Texts</a>
            </li>
            <li class="nav-bar">
                <a class="Results" href="results-page.xhtml">Results</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
        
        <h1>Texts</h1>
        
        <script>      
               function Texts(d,dchecked,dunchecked)
               {
                  if( d.checked == true )
                  {
                     document.getElementById(dchecked).style.display = "block";
                     document.getElementById(dunchecked).style.display = "none";
                  }
                  else
                  {
                     document.getElementById(dchecked).style.display = "none";
                     document.getElementById(dunchecked).style.display = "none";
                  }
               }
               function Highlight(checkbox, targetClass) {
        // Get all elements with the target class
        const elements = document.querySelectorAll(`.${targetClass}`);

        // Toggle the 'highlighted' class based on checkbox state
        elements.forEach(element => {
            if (checkbox.checked) {
                element.classList.add("highlighted");
            } else {
                element.classList.remove("highlighted");
            }
        });
    }
         </script>
       
            <!-- filters --> 
            <div class="filters">
                <h3>Stories / Characters</h3>
                <label class="container">Abraham
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                <label class="container">Creation
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                <label class="container">Jesus
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                <label class="container">Moses 
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                <label class="container">Noah
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                <label class="container">Parables
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                <label class="container">The End Times
                    <input type="checkbox"></input>
                    <span class="checkmark"></span>
                </label>
                 
               
            	<h3>Text</h3>
            	<label class="container">Torah
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Texts(this,'checkbox-checked-t','checkbox-unchecked')" checked="checked"/>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">New Testament
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Texts(this,'checkbox-checked-n','checkbox-unchecked')" checked="checked"/>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Quran
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Texts(this,'checkbox-checked-q','checkbox-unchecked')" checked="checked"/>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	
            	<h3>Labels</h3>
            	<label class="container">God as the Creator
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'creator')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Wrathful
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'wrathful')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Loving
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'loving')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Powerful
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'powerful')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Merciful
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'merciful')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Other (positive)
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'other-positive')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Other (negative)
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'other-negative')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">God as Other (neutral)
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'other-neutral')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Fear of God
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'fear_of')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Love
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'love_others', 'love_god')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container-indent">Recipient is God
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'love_god',)"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container-indent">Other recipient
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'love_others')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Respect
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'respect_others', 'respect_god')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container-indent">Recipient is God
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'respect_god')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container-indent">Other recipient
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'respect_others')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Worship
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'worship_god', 'worship_others')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container-indent">Recipient is God
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'worship_god')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container-indent" onclick="Highlight(this,'respect_others')">Other recipient
            		<input type="checkbox"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Blessings
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'blessings')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            	<label class="container">Heaven
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'heaven')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>            
            	<label class="container">Hell
            		<input type="checkbox" onclick="Highlight(this,'hell')"></input>
            		<span class="checkmark"></span>
            	</label>
            </div> 
            
            <!-- texts --> 
            <div class="texts">
	<div id="checkbox-checked-t"> <h2>Torah</h2> 
		<h3>Creation</h3>
<div class = "book"> Genesis <div>
	<div class = "verse">1:1</div> In the beginning <div id = "checkbox-checked-c" class = "creator">God created the heaven and the earth.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:2</div> And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness [was] upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of <div class = "other-neutral">God moved upon the face of the waters.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:3</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let there be light: and there was light.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:4</div> And <div class = "creator">God saw the light, that [it was] good: and God divided the light from the darkness.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:5</div> And <div class = "creator">God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:6</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:7</div> And <div class = "creator">God made the firmament, and divided the waters which [were] under the firmament from the waters which [were] above the firmament: and it was so.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:8</div> And <div class = "creator">God</div> called the firmament <div class = "heaven">Heaven</div>. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
	<div class = "verse">1:9</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry [land] appear: and it was so.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:10</div> And <div class = "creator">God called the dry [land] Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that [it was] good.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:11</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, [and] the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed [is] in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:12</div> And the earth brought forth grass, [and] herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed [was] in itself, after his kind: and <div class = "creator">God</div> saw that [it was] good. 
	<div class = "verse">1:13</div> And the evening and the morning were the third day.
	<div class = "verse">1:14</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:15</div> And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so. 
	<div class = "verse">1:16</div> And <div class = "creator">God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: [he made] the stars also.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:17</div> And <div class = "creator">God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth,</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:18</div> And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that [it was] good. 
	<div class = "verse">1:19</div> And the evening and the morning were the fourth day. 
	<div class = "verse">1:20</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl [that] may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:21</div> And <div class = "creator">Godcreated great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind:</div> and God saw that [it was] good. 
	<div class = "verse">1:22</div> And <div class = "creator">God</div> blessed them, saying, <div class = "blessings">Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:23</div> And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
	<div class = "verse">1:24</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:25</div> And <div class = "creator">God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that [it was] good.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:26</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:27</div> So <div class = "creator">God created man in his [own] image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:28</div> And <div class = "other-positive">God blessed them</div>, and <div class = "blessings">God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:29</div> And <div class = "creator">God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which [is] upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which [is] the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.</div>
	<div class = "verse">1:30</div> And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein [there is] life, [I have given] every green herb for meat: and it was so. 
	<div class = "verse">1:31</div> And <div class = "creator">God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, [it was] very good.</div> And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. 
	<div class = "verse">2:1</div> Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. 
	<div class = "verse">2:2</div> And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. 
	<div class = "verse">2:3</div> And <div class = "creator">God</div> blessed <div class = "blessings">the seventh day, and sanctified it:</div> because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. 
<div class="noah">
<h3>Noah and the Flood (Genesis 6:1-9:19) </h3>
<div class = "book"> Genesis <div>
	<div class = "verse">6:1</div> And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them, 
	<div class = "verse">6:2</div> That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they [were] fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose. 
	<div class = "verse">6:3</div> And <div class = "other-neutral">the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also [is] flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years.</div>
	<div class = "verse">6:4</div> There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare [children] to them, the same [became] mighty men which [were] of old, men of renown. 
	<div class = "verse">6:5</div> And <div class = "other-neutral">GOD saw that the wickedness of man [was] great in the earth, and [that] every imagination of the thoughts of his heart [was] only evil continually.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">6:6</div> And it <div class = "other-neutral">repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth</div>, and it grieved him at his heart. 
	<div class = "verse">6:7</div> And the <div class = "wrathful">LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.</div>
	<div class = "verse">6:8</div> <div class = "merciful">But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD. </div>
	<div class = "verse">6:9</div> These [are] the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man [and] perfect in his generations, [and] <div class = "worship_god">Noah walked with God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">6:10</div> And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 
	<div class = "verse">6:11</div> The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. 
	<div class = "verse">6:12</div> And <div class = "other-neutral">God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt;</div> for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">6:13</div> And <div class = "wrathful">God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth.</div>
	<div class = "verse">6:14</div> Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch. 
	<div class = "verse">6:15</div> And this [is the fashion] which thou shalt make it [of:] The length of the ark [shall be] three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits. 
	<div class = "verse">6:16</div> A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; [with] lower, second, and third [stories] shalt thou make it. 
	<div class = "verse">6:17</div> And, behold, I<div class = "wrathful">, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein [is] the breath of life, from under heaven; [and] every thing that [is] in the earth shall die.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">6:18</div> <div class = "merciful">But with thee will I establish my covenant</div>; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons’ wives with thee. 
	<div class = "verse">6:19</div> And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every [sort] shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep [them] alive with thee; they shall be male and female. 
	<div class = "verse">6:20</div> Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every [sort] shall come unto thee, to keep [them] alive. 
	<div class = "verse">6:21</div> And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt gather [it] to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them. 
	<div class = "verse">6:22</div> Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did he. 
	<div class = "verse">7:1</div> <div class = "merciful">And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.</div>
	<div class = "verse">7:2</div> Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that [are] not clean by two, the male and his female. 
	<div class = "verse">7:3</div> Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">7:4</div> For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and <div class = "wrathful">every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">7:5</div> And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him. 
	<div class = "verse">7:6</div> And Noah [was] six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">7:7</div> And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons’ wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood. 
	<div class = "verse">7:8</div> Of clean beasts, and of beasts that [are] not clean, and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 
	<div class = "verse">7:9</div> There went in two and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had commanded Noah. 
	<div class = "verse">7:10</div> And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">7:11</div> In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened. 
	<div class = "verse">7:12</div> And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights. 
	<div class = "verse">7:13</div> In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah’s wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ark; 
	<div class = "verse">7:14</div> They, and every beast after his kind, and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every bird of every sort. 
	<div class = "verse">7:15</div> And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh, wherein [is] the breath of life. 
	<div class = "verse">7:16</div> And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God had commanded him: <div class = "other-positive">and the LORD shut him in.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">7:17</div> And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">7:18</div> And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters. 
	<div class = "verse">7:19</div> And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that [were] under the whole heaven, were covered. 
	<div class = "verse">7:20</div> Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered. 
	<div class = "verse">7:21</div> And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man: 
	<div class = "verse">7:22</div> All in whose nostrils [was] the breath of life, of all that [was] in the dry [land,] died. 
	<div class = "verse">7:23</div> And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained [alive,] and they that [were] with him in the ark. 
	<div class = "verse">7:24</div> And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days. 
	<div class = "verse">8:1</div> <div class = "loving">And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that [was] with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters asswaged;</div>
	<div class = "verse">8:2</div> The fountains also of the deep and the windows ofheaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained; 
	<div class = "verse">8:3</div> And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated. 
	<div class = "verse">8:4</div> And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of Ararat. 
	<div class = "verse">8:5</div> And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth [month,] on the first [day] of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen. 
	<div class = "verse">8:6</div> And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made: 
	<div class = "verse">8:7</div> And he sent forth a raven, which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">8:8</div> Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; 
	<div class = "verse">8:9</div> But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters [were] on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark. 
	<div class = "verse">8:10</div> And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; 
	<div class = "verse">8:11</div> And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth [was] an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">8:12</div> And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more. 
	<div class = "verse">8:13</div> And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first [month,] the first [day] of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry. 
	<div class = "verse">8:14</div> And in the second month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried. 
	<div class = "verse">8:15</div> <div class = "other-positive">And God spake unto Noah</div>, saying, 
	<div class = "verse">8:16</div> Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons’ wives with thee. 
	<div class = "verse">8:17</div> Bring forth with thee every living thing that [is] with thee, of all flesh, [both] of fowl, and of cattle, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">8:18</div> And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons’ wives with him: 
	<div class = "verse">8:19</div> Every beast, everycreeping thing, and every fowl, [and] whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the ark. 
	<div class = "verse">8:20</div> <div class = "worship_god">And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD; </div>and took of every clean beast, and of every clean fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the altar. 
	<div class = "verse">8:21</div> And the <div class = "loving">LORD smelled a sweet savour;and the LORD said in his heart</div>, <div class = "blessings">I will not again curse the ground any more for man’s sake; for the imagination of man’s heart [is] evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">8:22</div> While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease. 
	<div class = "verse">9:1</div> And <div class = "other-positive">God blessed Noah and his sons</div>, and said unto them, <div class = "blessings">Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth. </div>
	<div class = "verse">9:2</div> <div class = "blessings">And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth [upon] the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">9:3</div> <div class = "blessings">Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green herb have I given you all things. </div>
	<div class = "verse">9:4</div> But flesh with the life thereof, [which is] the blood thereof, shall ye not eat. 
	<div class = "verse">9:5</div> And surely your blood of your lives will I require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man’s brother will I require the life of man. 
	<div class = "verse">9:6</div> Whoso sheddeth man’s blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God made he man. 
	<div class = "verse">9:7</div> <div class = "blessings">And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein. </div>
	<div class = "verse">9:8</div> And <div class = "other-positive">God spake unto Noah</div>, and to his sons with him, saying, 
	<div class = "verse">9:9</div> And I, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your seed after you; 
	<div class = "verse">9:10</div> And with every living creature that [is] with you, of the fowl, of the cattle, and of every beast of the earth with you; from all that go out of the ark, to every beast of the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">9:11</div> And I will establish my covenant with you; <div class = "blessings">neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth. </div>
	<div class = "verse">9:12</div> And <div class = "other-positive">God said, This [is] the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that [is] with you,for perpetual generations: </div>
	<div class = "verse">9:13</div> <div class = "other-positive">Ido set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.</div>
	<div class = "verse">9:14</div> And it shall come to pass, when <div class = "other-positive">I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow shall be seen in the cloud:</div>
	<div class = "verse">9:15</div> And <div class = "other-positive">I will remember my covenant</div>, which [is] between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh. 
	<div class = "verse">9:16</div> And the bow shall be in the cloud; and <div class = "other-positive">I will look upon it, that I may remember the everlasting covenant</div> between God and every living creature of all flesh that [is] upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">9:17</div> And <div class = "other-positive">God said unto Noah, This [is] the token of the covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that [is] upon the earth.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">9:18</div> And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan. 
	<div class = "verse">9:19</div> These [are] the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread. </div>	</div>

<h3>Moses</h3>
<div class = "book"> Exodus </div>
	<div class = "verse">2:1</div> And there went a man of the house of Levi, and took [to wife] a daughter of Levi. 
	<div class = "verse">2:2</div> And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he [was a] goodly [child,] she hid him three months. 
	<div class = "verse">2:3</div> And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an ark of bulrushes, and daubed it with slime and withpitch, and put the child therein; and she laid [it] in the flags by the river’s brink. 
	<div class = "verse">2:4</div> And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him. 
	<div class = "verse">2:5</div> And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash [herself] at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river’s side; and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it. 
	<div class = "verse">2:6</div> And when she had opened [it,] she saw the child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This [is one] of the Hebrews’ children. 
	<div class = "verse">2:7</div> Then said his sister to Pharaoh’s daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women, that she may nurse the child for thee? 
	<div class = "verse">2:8</div> And Pharaoh’s daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child’s mother. 
	<div class = "verse">2:9</div> And Pharaoh’s daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give [thee] thy wages. And the woman took the child, and nursed it. 
	<div class = "verse">2:10</div> And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh’s daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name Moses: and she said, Because I drew him out of the water. 
	<div class = "verse">2:11</div> And it came to pass in those days, when Moses was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an Hebrew, one of his brethren. 
	<div class = "verse">2:12</div> And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that [there was] no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand. 
	<div class = "verse">2:13</div> And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the Hebrews strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow? 
	<div class = "verse">2:14</div> And he said, Who made thee a prince and a judge over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And Moses feared, and said, Surely this thing is known. 
	<div class = "verse">2:15</div> Now when Pharaoh heard this thing, he sought to slay Moses. But Moses fled from the face of Pharaoh, and dwelt in the land of Midian: and he sat down by a well. 
	<div class = "verse">2:16</div> Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters: and they came and drew [water,] and filled the troughs to water their father’s flock. 
	<div class = "verse">2:17</div> And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock. 
	<div class = "verse">2:18</div> And when they came to Reuel their father, he said, How [is it that] ye are come so soon to day? 
	<div class = "verse">2:19</div> And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew [water] enough for us, and watered the flock. 
	<div class = "verse">2:20</div> And he said unto his daughters, And where [is] he? why [is] it [that] ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat bread. 
	<div class = "verse">2:21</div> And Moses was content to dwell with the man: and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter. 
	<div class = "verse">2:22</div> And she bare [him] a son, and he called his name Gershom: for he said, I have been a stranger in a strange land. 
	<div class = "verse">2:23</div> And it came to pass in process of time, that the king of Egypt died: and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage. 
	<div class = "verse">2:24</div> And <div class = "loving">God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob.</div>
	<div class = "verse">2:25</div> And <div class = "loving">God looked upon the children of Israel,</div> and God had <div class = "respect_others">respect</div> unto [them.] </div> Exodus 3:1-6 
<div class = "book"> Exodus  </div>
	<div class = "verse">3:1</div> Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro his father in law, the priest of Midian: and he led the flock to the backside of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, [even] to Horeb. 
	<div class = "verse">3:2</div> And the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush: and he looked, and, behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush [was] not consumed. 
	<div class = "verse">3:3</div> And Moses said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the bush is not burnt. 
	<div class = "verse">3:4</div> And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, <div class = "powerful">God called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said, Moses, Moses. And he said, Here [am] I.</div>
	<div class = "verse">3:5</div> And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground. 
	<div class = "verse">3:6</div> Moreover he said, I [am] the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. <div class = "fear_of">And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God</div>. </div> 
<div class = "book"> Exodus  </div>
	<div class = "verse">18:1</div> When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses’ father in law, <div class = "other-positive">heard of all that God had done for Moses,</div> and for Israel his people, [and] that the LORD had brought Israel out of Egypt; 
	<div class = "verse">18:2</div> Then Jethro, Moses’ father in law, took Zipporah, Moses’ wife, after he had sent her back, 
	<div class = "verse">18:3</div> And her two sons; of whichthe name of the one [was] Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land: 
	<div class = "verse">18:4</div> And the name of the other [was] Eliezer; for the God of my father, [said he, was] mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh: 
	<div class = "verse">18:5</div> And Jethro, Moses’ father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God: 
	<div class = "verse">18:6</div> And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her. 
	<div class = "verse">18:7</div> And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of [their] welfare; and they came into the tent. 
	<div class = "verse">18:8</div> And Moses told his father in law all that the <div class = "other-positive">LORD had done unto Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel’s sake, [and] all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and [how] the LORD delivered them.</div>
	<div class = "verse">18:9</div> And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians. 
	<div class = "verse">18:10</div> And Jethro said, <div class = "blessings">Blessed [be] the LORD, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians,</div> and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians. 
	<div class = "verse">18:11</div> Now I know that the <div class = "powerful">LORD [is] greater than all gods: for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly [he was] above them.</div>
	<div class = "verse">18:12</div> And Jethro, Moses’ father in law, <div class = "worship_god">took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God:</div> and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses’ father in law before God. 
	<div class = "verse">18:13</div> And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the evening. 
	<div class = "verse">18:14</div> And when Moses’ father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What [is] this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even? 
	<div class = "verse">18:15</div> And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to enquire of God: 
	<div class = "verse">18:16</div> When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make [them] know the statutes of God, and his laws. 
	<div class = "verse">18:17</div> And Moses’ father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest [is] not good. 
	<div class = "verse">18:18</div> Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that [is] with thee: for this thing [is] too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone. 
	<div class = "verse">18:19</div> Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and <div class = "loving">God shall be with thee:</div> Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God: 
	<div class = "verse">18:20</div> And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do. 
	<div class = "verse">18:21</div> Moreover thou shalt provide out of <div class = "fear_of">all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth,</div> hating covetousness; and place [such] over them, [to be] rulers of thousands, [and] rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens: 
	<div class = "verse">18:22</div> And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, [that] every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear [the burden] with thee. 
	<div class = "verse">18:23</div> If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee [so,] then <div class = "blessings">thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">18:24</div> So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said. 
	<div class = "verse">18:25</div> And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens. 
	<div class = "verse">18:26</div> And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves. 
	<div class = "verse">18:27</div> And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land. </div> Exodus 19 
<div class = "book"> Exodus  </div>
	<div class = "verse">19:1</div> In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they [into] the wilderness of Sinai. 
	<div class = "verse">19:2</div> For they were departed from Rephidim, and were come [to] the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness; and there Israel camped before the mount. 
	<div class = "verse">19:3</div> And Moses went up unto <div class = "other-neutral">God, and the LORD called unto him out of the mountain</div>, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children ofIsrael; 
	<div class = "verse">19:4</div> Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and [how] I bare you on eagles’ wings, and brought you unto myself. 
	<div class = "verse">19:5</div> <div class = "powerful">Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth [is] mine: </div>
	<div class = "verse">19:6</div> And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These [are] the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. 
	<div class = "verse">19:7</div> And Moses came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the <div class = "powerful">LORD commanded him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">19:8</div> And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD hath spoken we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people unto the LORD. 
	<div class = "verse">19:9</div> And the LORD said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee for ever. And Moses told the words of the people unto the LORD. 
	<div class = "verse">19:10</div> And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes, 
	<div class = "verse">19:11</div> And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon mount Sinai. 
	<div class = "verse">19:12</div> And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, [that ye] go [not] up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death: 
	<div class = "verse">19:13</div> There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether [it be] beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount. 
	<div class = "verse">19:14</div> And Moses went down from the mount unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes. 
	<div class = "verse">19:15</div> And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at [your] wives. 
	<div class = "verse">19:16</div> And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, <div class = "fear_of">and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that [was] in the camp trembled.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">19:17</div> And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount. 
	<div class = "verse">19:18</div> <div class = "powerful">And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because theLORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly. </div>
	<div class = "verse">19:19</div> And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice. 
	<div class = "verse">19:20</div> And the LORD came down upon mount Sinai, on the top of the mount: and the LORD called Moses [up] to the top of the mount; and Moses went up. 
	<div class = "verse">19:21</div> <div class = "wrathful">And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish. </div>
	<div class = "verse">19:22</div> And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them. 
	<div class = "verse">19:23</div> And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it. 
	<div class = "verse">19:24</div> And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them. 
	<div class = "verse">19:25</div> So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them.  
<div class = "book"> Exodus </div>
	<div class = "verse">33:1</div> And the LORD said unto Moses, Depart, [and] go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt, unto the land which I sware unto Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying,<div class = "blessings"> Unto thy seed will I give it:</div> 
	<div class = "verse">33:2</div> And I will send an angel before thee; and I will drive out the Canaanite, the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite: 
	<div class = "verse">33:3</div> Unto a land flowing with milk and honey: for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou [art] a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way. 
	<div class = "verse">33:4</div> And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments. 
	<div class = "verse">33:5</div> For the LORD had said unto Moses, Say unto the children of Israel, Ye [are] a stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know what to do unto thee. 
	<div class = "verse">33:6</div> And the children of Israel stripped themselves of their ornaments by the mount Horeb. 
	<div class = "verse">33:7</div> And Moses took the tabernacle, and pitched it without the camp, afar off from the camp, andcalled it the Tabernacle of the congregation. And it came to pass, [that] every one which sought the LORD went out unto the tabernacle of the congregation, which [was] without the camp. 
	<div class = "verse">33:8</div> And it came to pass, when Moses went out unto the tabernacle, [that] all the people rose up, and stood every man [at] his tent door, and looked after Moses, until he was gone into the tabernacle. 
	<div class = "verse">33:9</div> And it came to pass, as Moses entered into the tabernacle, the cloudy pillar descended, and stood [at] the door of the tabernacle, and [the] LORD talked with Moses. 
	<div class = "verse">33:10</div> And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand [at] the tabernacle door: and <div class = "worship_god">all the people rose up and worshipped, every man [in] his tent door. </div>
	<div class = "verse">33:11</div> <div class = "other-positive">And the LORD spake unto Moses face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend.</div> And he turned again into the camp: but his servant Joshua, the son of Nun, a young man, departed not out of the tabernacle. 
	<div class = "verse">33:12</div> And Moses said unto the LORD, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and <div class = "loving">thou hast also found grace in my sight.</div>
	<div class = "verse">33:13</div> Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, shew me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation [is] thy people. 
	<div class = "verse">33:14</div> And he said, My presence shall go [with thee,] and I will give thee rest. 
	<div class = "verse">33:15</div> And he said unto him, If thy presence go not [with me,] carry us not up hence. 
	<div class = "verse">33:16</div> For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight? [is it] not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that [are] upon the face of the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">33:17</div> <div class = "loving">And the LORD said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">33:18</div> And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory. 
	<div class = "verse">33:19</div> And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will shewmercy on whom I will shew mercy. 
	<div class = "verse">33:20</div> <div class = "powerful">And he said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live. </div>
	<div class = "verse">33:21</div> And the LORD said, Behold, [there is] a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock: 
	<div class = "verse">33:22</div> And it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, that I will put thee in a clift of the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by: 
	<div class = "verse">33:23</div> And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my face shall not be seen. 

<h3>Abraham </h3> 
<div class = "book"> Genesis <div>
	<div class = "verse">12:1</div> Now the <div class = "other-positive">LORD had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father’s house, unto a land that I will shew thee:</div>
	<div class = "verse">12:2</div> And <div class = "other-positive">I</div> <div class = "blessings">will make of thee a great nation</div>, and <div class = "other-positive">I</div> <div class = "blessings">will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:</div> 
	<div class = "verse">12:3</div> And <div class = "other-positive">I</div> <div class = "blessings">will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">12:4</div> So Abram departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram [was] seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran. 
	<div class = "verse">12:5</div> And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother’s son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came. 
	<div class = "verse">12:6</div> And Abram passed through the land unto the place of Sichem, unto the plain of Moreh. And the Canaanite [was] then in the land. 
	<div class = "verse">12:7</div> And the <div class = "other-positive">LORD appeared unto Abram,</div> and said, <div class = "blessings">Unto thy seed will I give this land</div>: and <div class = "worship_god">there builded he an altar unto the LORD</div>, who appeared unto him. 
	<div class = "verse">12:8</div> And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the east of Bethel, and pitched his tent, [having] Bethel on the west, and Hai on the east: and <div class = "worship_god">there he builded an altar unto the LORD</div>, and called upon the name of the LORD. 
	<div class = "verse">12:9</div> And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south. 
	<div class = "verse">12:10</div> And there was a famine in the land: and Abram went down into Egypt to sojourn there; for the famine [was] grievous in the land. 
	<div class = "verse">12:11</div> And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into Egypt, that he said unto Sarai his wife, Behold now, I know that thou [art] a fair woman to look upon: 
	<div class = "verse">12:12</div> Therefore it shallcome to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This [is] his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive. 
	<div class = "verse">12:13</div> Say, I pray thee, thou [art] my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.
	<div class = "verse">12:14</div> And it came to pass, that, when Abram was come into Egypt, the Egyptians beheld the woman that she [was] very fair. 
	<div class = "verse">12:15</div> The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before Pharaoh: and the woman was taken into Pharaoh’s house. 
	<div class = "verse">12:16</div> And he entreated Abram well for her sake: and he had sheep, and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels. 
	<div class = "verse">12:17</div> And the <div class = "wrathful">LORD plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarai Abram’s wife.</div>
	<div class = "verse">12:18</div> And Pharaoh called Abram, and said, What [is] this [that] thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she [was] thy wife? 
	<div class = "verse">12:19</div> Why saidst thou, She [is] my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take [her,] and go thy way. 
	<div class = "verse">12:20</div> And Pharaoh commanded [his] men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had. </div> Genesis 17 
<div class = "book"> Genesis <div>
	<div class = "verse">17:1</div> And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the <div class = "powerful">LORD appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I [am] the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect.</div>
	<div class = "verse">17:2</div> <div class = "blessings">And I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:3</div> And Abram fell on his face: and <div class = "other-neutral">God talked with him,</div> saying, 
	<div class = "verse">17:4</div> As for me, behold, my covenant [is] with thee, and <div class = "blessings">thou shalt be a father of many nations</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:5</div> Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee. 
	<div class = "verse">17:6</div> <div class = "blessings">And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:7</div> And <div class = "other-positive">I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">17:8</div> And <div class = "other-positive">I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession;</div> and <div class = "powerful">I will be their God.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">17:9</div> And <div class = "other-neutral">God said unto Abraham, Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore, thou, and thy seed after thee in their generations.</div>
	<div class = "verse">17:10</div> This [is] my covenant, which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised. 
	<div class = "verse">17:11</div> And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you. 
	<div class = "verse">17:12</div> And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any stranger, which [is] not of thy seed. 
	<div class = "verse">17:13</div> He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant. 
	<div class = "verse">17:14</div> And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised, <div class = "wrathful">that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my covenant</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:15</div> And <div class = "other-neutral">God said unto Abraham, As for Sarai thy wife, thou shalt not call her name Sarai, but Sarah [shall] her name [be.]</div>
	<div class = "verse">17:16</div> And <div class = "other-positive">I will bless her,</div> and <div class = "blessings">give thee a son also of her: yea, I will bless her, and she shall be [a mother] of nations; kings of people shall be of her</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:17</div> Then Abraham fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall [a child] be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall Sarah, that is ninety years old, bear? 
	<div class = "verse">17:18</div> And Abraham said unto God, O that Ishmael might live before thee! 
	<div class = "verse">17:19</div> And <div class = "other-positive">God said,</div> <div class = "blessings">Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name Isaac: and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant, [and] with his seed after him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:20</div> And as for Ishmael, <div class = "other-positive">I have heard thee: Behold, I have</div> <div class = "blessings">blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">17:21</div> But my covenant will <div class = "other-positive">I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.</div>
	<div class = "verse">17:22</div> And he left off talking with him, and <div class = "other-neutral">God went up from Abraham.</div>
	<div class = "verse">17:23</div> And Abraham took Ishmael his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham’s house; and circumcised the flesh of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him. 
	<div class = "verse">17:24</div> And Abraham [was] ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. 
	<div class = "verse">17:25</div> And Ishmael his son [was] thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin. 
	<div class = "verse">17:26</div> In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised, and Ishmael his son. 
	<div class = "verse">17:27</div> And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the stranger, were circumcised with him. </div> Genesis 22:1-14
<div class = "book"> Genesis  </div>
	<div class = "verse">22:1</div> And it came to pass after these things, that <div class = "other-negative">God did tempt Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, [here] I [am. ]</div>
	<div class = "verse">22:2</div> And he said, Take now thy son, <div class = "love_others">thine only [son] Isaac, whom thou lovest</div>, and get thee into the land of Moriah; and <div class = "worship_god">offer him there for a burnt offering</div> upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of. 
	<div class = "verse">22:3</div> And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which <div class = "other-neutral">God had told him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:4</div> Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off. 
	<div class = "verse">22:5</div> And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you, 
	<div class = "verse">22:6</div> And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering, and laid [it] upon Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they went both of them together. 
	<div class = "verse">22:7</div> And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here [am] I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where [is] the lamb for a burnt offering? 
	<div class = "verse">22:8</div> And Abraham said, My son, <div class = "other-positve">God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering</div>: so they went both of them together. 
	<div class = "verse">22:9</div> And they came to the place which <div class = "other-neutral">God had told him of</div>; and <div class = "worship_god">Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">22:10</div> <div class = "worship_god">And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son.</div>
	<div class = "verse">22:11</div> And the angel of the LORD called unto him out of heaven, and said, Abraham, Abraham: and he said, Here [am] I. 
	<div class = "verse">22:12</div> And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now <div class = "fear_of">I know that thou fearest God</div>, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only [son] from me. 
	<div class = "verse">22:13</div> And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind [him] a ram caught in a thicket by his horns: and <div class = "worship_god">Abraham went and took the ram, and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son. </div>
	<div class = "verse">22:14</div> And Abraham called the name of that place <div class = "other-positive">Jehovah-jireh: as it is said [to] this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen.</div>.
	</div>
</div>
	</div>
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		<div id="checkbox-checked-n"> <h2>New Testament</h2> 
		<h3>Jesus</h3> 
<div class = "book"> Luke         </div>
	<div class = "verse">1:1</div> Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to <div class = "worship_god">set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us</div>,        
	<div class = "verse">1:2</div> Even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses, and ministers of the word; 
	<div class = "verse">1:3</div> It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus,        
	<div class = "verse">1:4</div> <div class = "creator">That thou mightest know the certainty of those things</div>, wherein thou hast been instructed. 
	<div class = "verse">1:5</div> There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judaea, a certain priest named Zacharias, of the course of Abia: and his wife [was] of the daughters of Aaron, and her name [was] Elisabeth. 
	<div class = "verse">1:6</div> <div class = "other-positive">And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:7</div> And they had no child, because that Elisabeth was barren, and they both were [now] well stricken in years. 
	<div class = "verse">1:8</div> And it came to pass, that<div class = "other-neutral"> while he executed the priest’s office before God in the order of his course</div>,        
	<div class = "verse">1:9</div> According to the custom of the priest’s office, his lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord. 
	<div class = "verse">1:10</div> And the whole <div class = "worship_god">multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:11</div> And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense. 
	<div class = "verse">1:12</div> <div class = "fear_of">And when Zacharias saw [him,] he was troubled, and fear fell upon him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:13</div> But the angel <div class = "fear_of">said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:14</div> And thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth. 
	<div class = "verse">1:15</div> <div class = "loving">For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord</div>, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother’s womb. 
	<div class = "verse">1:16</div> <div class = "love_god">And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:17</div> And he shall go before him <div class = "respect_god">in the spirit and power of Elias, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:18</div> And Zacharias said unto the angel, Whereby shall I know this? for I am an old man, and my wife well stricken in years. 
	<div class = "verse">1:19</div> <div class = "respect_god">>And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel, that stand in the presence of God</div>; and am sent to speak unto thee, and to shew thee these glad tidings. 
	<div class = "verse">1:20</div> <div class = "wrathful">And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, and not able to speak, until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou believest not my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.</div> 
	<div class = "verse">1:21</div> And the people waited for Zacharias, and marvelled that he tarried so long in the temple. 
	<div class = "verse">1:22</div> And when he came out, he could not speak unto them: and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple: for he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless. 
	<div class = "verse">1:23</div> And it came to pass, that, as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house. 
	<div class = "verse">1:24</div> And after those days his wife Elisabeth conceived, and hid herself five months, saying, 
	<div class = "verse">1:25</div> <div class = "love_others">Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on [me,] to take away my reproach among men</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:26</div> And in the sixth month <div class = "other-neutral">the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">1:27</div> To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin’s name [was] Mary. 
	<div class = "verse">1:28</div> And the angel came in unto her, and said, <div class = "blessings">Hail, [thou that art] highly favoured, the Lord [is] with thee: blessed [art] thou among women</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:29</div> And when she saw [him,] she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be.        
	<div class = "verse">1:30</div> And the angel said unto her, <div class = "fear_of">Fear not, Mary</div>: <div class = "merciful">for thou hast found favour with God</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:31</div> And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name JESUS. 
	<div class = "verse">1:32</div> <div class = "powerful">He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest: and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">1:33</div> <div class = "respect_god">And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:34</div> Then said Mary unto the angel, How shall this be, seeing I know not a man? 
	<div class = "verse">1:35</div> <div class = "respect_others">And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:36</div> And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.        
	<div class = "verse">1:37</div> <div class = "powerful">For with God nothing shall be impossible</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:38</div> And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her. 
	<div class = "verse">1:39</div> And Mary arose in those days, and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Juda; 
	<div class = "verse">1:40</div> And entered into the house of Zacharias, and saluted Elisabeth. 
	<div class = "verse">1:41</div> And it came to pass, that, <div class = "worship_others">when Elisabeth heard the salutation of Mary, the babe leaped in her womb; and Elisabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">1:42</div> And she spake out with a loud voice, and said, <div class = "blessings">Blessed [art] thou among women, and blessed [is] the fruit of thy womb</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:43</div> And whence [is] this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me? 
	<div class = "verse">1:44</div> For, lo, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in mine ears, the babe leaped in my womb for joy. 
	<div class = "verse">1:45</div> <div class = "blessings">And blessed [is] she that believed: for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:46</div> And <div class = "worship_god">Mary said, My soul doth magnify the Lord</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">1:47</div> And <div class = "love_god">my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:48</div> <div class = "blessings">For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:49</div> <div class = "worship_god">For he that is mighty hath done to me great things; and holy [is] his name</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:50</div> And his <div class = "merciful">mercy</div> [is] on them that <div class = "fear_of">fear him from generation to generation</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:51</div> <div class = "powerful">He hath shewed strength with his arm; he hath scattered the proud in the imagination of their hearts</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:52</div> <div class = "powerful">He hath put down the mighty from [their] seats, and exalted them of low degree</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:53</div> <div class = "loving">He hath filled the hungry with good things; and the rich he hath sent empty away</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:54</div> <div class = "merciful">He hath holpen his servant Israel, in remembrance of [his] mercy</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">1:55</div> As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever. 
	<div class = "verse">1:56</div> And Mary abode with her about three months, and returned to her own house. 
	<div class = "verse">1:57</div> Now Elisabeth’s full time came that she should be delivered; and she brought forth a son. 
	<div class = "verse">1:58</div> And her neighbours and <div class = "merciful">her cousins heard how the Lord had shewed great mercy upon her; and they rejoiced with her</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:59</div> And it came to pass, that on the eighth day they came to circumcise the child; and they called him Zacharias, after the name of his father. 
	<div class = "verse">1:60</div> And his mother answered and said, Not [so;] but he shall be called John. 
	<div class = "verse">1:61</div> And they said unto her, There is none of thy kindred that is called by this name. 
	<div class = "verse">1:62</div> And they made signs to his father, how he would have him called. 
	<div class = "verse">1:63</div> And he asked for a writing table, and wrote, saying, His name is John. And they marvelled all. 
	<div class = "verse">1:64</div> <div class = "worship_god">And his mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue [loosed,] and he spake, and praised God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:65</div> <div class = "fear_of">And fear came on all that dwelt round about them: and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of Judaea</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:66</div> And all they that heard [them] laid [them] up in their hearts, saying, What manner of child shall this be! And the hand of the Lord was with him. 
	<div class = "verse">1:67</div> And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost, and prophesied, saying, 
	<div class = "verse">1:68</div> <div class = "blessings">Blessed [be] the Lord God of Israel; for he hath visited and redeemed his people</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">1:69</div> And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David; 
	<div class = "verse">1:70</div> As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began: 
	<div class = "verse">1:71</div> <div class = "merciful">That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">1:72</div> <div class = "merciful">To perform the mercy [promised] to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">1:73</div> The oath which he sware to our father Abraham, 
	<div class = "verse">1:74</div> <div class = "fear_of">That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">1:75</div> <div class = "respect_god">In holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:76</div> <div class = "respect_others">And thou, child, shalt be called the prophet of the Highest: for thou shalt go before the face of the Lord to prepare his ways</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">1:77</div> <div class = "worship_god">To give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">1:78</div> <div class = "merciful">Through the tender mercy of our God; whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">1:79</div> <div class = "creator">To give light to them that sit in darkness and [in] the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way of peace</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:80</div> And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.     
    
<div class = "book"> Luke <div>
	<div class = "verse">2:1</div> And it came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed. 
	<div class = "verse">2:2</div> ([And] this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.) 
	<div class = "verse">2:3</div> And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city. 
	<div class = "verse">2:4</div> And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judaea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:) 
	<div class = "verse">2:5</div> To be taxed with Mary his espoused wife, being great with child. 
	<div class = "verse">2:6</div> And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered. 
	<div class = "verse">2:7</div> And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. 
	<div class = "verse">2:8</div> And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. 
	<div class = "verse">2:9</div> And, lo, <div class = "respect_god">the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them: and they were sore afraid</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:10</div> And the angel said unto them, <div class = "fear_of">Fear not</div>: for,<div class = "loving"> behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:11</div> For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. 
	<div class = "verse">2:12</div> And this [shall be] a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. 
	<div class = "verse">2:13</div> <div class = "worship_god">And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God</div>, and saying, 
	<div class = "verse">2:14</div> <div class = "worship_god">Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:15</div> And it came to pass, as <div class = "heaven">the angels were gone away from them into heaven</div>, the shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us. 
	<div class = "verse">2:16</div> And they came with haste, and found Mary, and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger. 
	<div class = "verse">2:17</div> And when they had seen [it,] they made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.        
	<div class = "verse">2:18</div> And all they that heard [it] wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds. 
	<div class = "verse">2:19</div> But Mary kept all these things, and pondered [them] in her heart. 
	<div class = "verse">2:20</div> <div class = "worship_god">And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, as it was told unto them</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:21</div> And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child, his name was called JESUS, which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb. 
	<div class = "verse">2:22</div> <div class = "worship_god">And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem, to present [him] to the Lord</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">2:23</div> (As it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;) 
	<div class = "verse">2:24</div> And <div class = "worship_god">to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:25</div> And, behold, there was a man in Jerusalem, whose name [was] Simeon; and the same man [was] just and devout, waiting for the consolation of Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him. 
	<div class = "verse">2:26</div> <div class = "worship_others">And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost, that he should not see death, before he had seen the Lord’s Christ</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:27</div> And he came by the Spirit into the temple: and when the parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him after the custom of the law, 
	<div class = "verse">2:28</div> <div class = "blessings">Then took he him up in his arms, and blessed God</div>, and said, 
	<div class = "verse">2:29</div> <div class = "worship_god">Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace, according to thy word</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">2:30</div> <div class = "worship_god">For mine eyes have seen thy salvation</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">2:31</div> Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people; 
	<div class = "verse">2:32</div> A light to lighten the Gentiles, and the glory of thy people Israel. 
	<div class = "verse">2:33</div> And Joseph and his mother marvelled at those things which were spoken of him. 
	<div class = "verse">2:34</div> <div class = "blessings">And Simeon blessed them, and said unto Mary his mother</div>, <div class = "creator">Behold, this [child] is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel; and for a sign which shall be spoken against</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">2:35</div> (Yea, a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed. 
	<div class = "verse">2:36</div> And there was one Anna, a prophetess, the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser: she was of a great age, and had lived with an husband seven years from her virginity; 
	<div class = "verse">2:37</div> And she [was] a widow of about fourscore and four years, which departed not from the temple, but <div class = "worship_god">served [God] with fastings and prayers night and day</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:38</div> And she coming in that instant <div class = "worship_god">gave thanks likewise unto the Lord</div>, and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem. 
	<div class = "verse">2:39</div> And when they had performed all things according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth. 
	<div class = "verse">2:40</div> <div class = "creator">And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with wisdom: and the grace of God was upon him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:41</div> Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the passover. 
	<div class = "verse">2:42</div> And when he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast. 
	<div class = "verse">2:43</div> And when they had fulfilled the days, as they returned, the child Jesus tarried behind in Jerusalem; and Joseph and his mother knew not [of it. ]
	<div class = "verse">2:44</div> But they, supposing him to have been in the company, went a day’s journey; and they sought him among [their] kinsfolk and acquaintance. 
	<div class = "verse">2:45</div> And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. 
	<div class = "verse">2:46</div> And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions. 
	<div class = "verse">2:47</div> And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers. 
	<div class = "verse">2:48</div> And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing. 
	<div class = "verse">2:49</div> And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? wist ye not that I must be about my Father’s business? 
	<div class = "verse">2:50</div> And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them. 
	<div class = "verse">2:51</div> And he went down with them, and came to Nazareth, and was subject unto them: but his mother kept all these sayings in her heart. 
	<div class = "verse">2:52</div> And <div class = "respect_god">Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man</div>.     
      
	<div class = "book">John</div>        
	<div class = "verse">2:1</div> And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there: 
	<div class = "verse">2:2</div> And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage. 
	<div class = "verse">2:3</div> And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. 
	<div class = "verse">2:4</div> Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come. 
	<div class = "verse">2:5</div> <div class = "respect_god">His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do [it. ]</div>
	<div class = "verse">2:6</div> And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece. 
	<div class = "verse">2:7</div> Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim. 
	<div class = "verse">2:8</div> And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare [it. ]
	<div class = "verse">2:9</div> When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom, 
	<div class = "verse">2:10</div> And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: [but] thou hast kept the good wine until now. 
	<div class = "verse">2:11</div> <div class = "worship_god">This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him</div>.    
    
		<div class = "book">Matthew</div>       
	<div class = "verse">3:13</div> Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him. 
	<div class = "verse">3:14</div> But John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me? 
	<div class = "verse">3:15</div> And Jesus answering said unto him, <div class = "wrathful">Suffer [it to be so] now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. Then he suffered him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">3:16</div> And <div class = "worship_god">Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">3:17</div> And lo a voice from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, saying,<div class = "loving"> This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased</div>.    
    
		<div class = "book">Luke</div>       
	<div class = "verse">8:22</div> Now it came to pass on a certain day, that he went into a ship with his disciples: and he said unto them, Let us go over unto the other side of the lake. And they launched forth. 
	<div class = "verse">8:23</div> But as they sailed he fell asleep: and there came down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled [with water,] and were in jeopardy. 
	<div class = "verse">8:24</div> And they came to him, <div class = "respect_god">and awoke him, saying, Master, master, we perish</div>. <div class = "creator">Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">8:25</div> <div class = "merciful">And he said unto them, Where is your faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, What manner of man is this!</div> for <div class = "respect_god">he commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him</div>.   
 
		<div class = "book">John</div>        
	<div class = "verse">19:1</div> Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged [him. ]
	<div class = "verse">19:2</div> And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put [it] on his head, and they put on him a purple robe,        
	<div class = "verse">19:3</div> And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands. 
	<div class = "verse">19:4</div> Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him. 
	<div class = "verse">19:5</div> Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And [Pilate] saith unto them, Behold the man!        
	<div class = "verse">19:6</div> When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify [him,] crucify [him.] Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify [him:] for I find no fault in him. 
	<div class = "verse">19:7</div> The Jews answered him, <div class = "respect_god">We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">19:8</div> When <div class = "respect_god">Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">19:9</div> And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer. 
	<div class = "verse">19:10</div> Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?        
	<div class = "verse">19:11</div> Jesus answered, <div class = "merciful">Thou couldest have no power [at all] against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">19:12</div> And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar’s friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar.        
	<div class = "verse">19:13</div> When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha. 
	<div class = "verse">19:14</div> And it was the preparation of the passover, and about the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King! 
	<div class = "verse">19:15</div> But they cried out, Away with [him,] away with [him,] crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar. 
	<div class = "verse">19:16</div> Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led [him] away. 
	<div class = "verse">19:17</div> And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called [the place] of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha: 
	<div class = "verse">19:18</div> Where they crucified him, and two others with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst.        
	<div class = "verse">19:19</div> And Pilate wrote a title, and put [it] on the cross. And the writing was, JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS. 
	<div class = "verse">19:20</div> This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, [and] Greek, [and] Latin. 
	<div class = "verse">19:21</div> Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews. 
	<div class = "verse">19:22</div> Pilate answered, What I have written I have written.        
	<div class = "verse">19:23</div> Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also [his] coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout. 
	<div class = "verse">19:24</div> They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did.        
	<div class = "verse">19:25</div> Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother’s sister, Mary the [wife] of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. 
	<div class = "verse">19:26</div> When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son! 
	<div class = "verse">19:27</div> <div class = "worship_others">Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own [home. ]</div>
	<div class = "verse">19:28</div> After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst. 
	<div class = "verse">19:29</div> Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put [it] upon hyssop, and put [it] to his mouth. 
	<div class = "verse">19:30</div> When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, <div class = "loving">It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">19:31</div> The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and [that] they might be taken away. 
	<div class = "verse">19:32</div> Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him.        
	<div class = "verse">19:33</div> But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was dead already, they brake not his legs: 
	<div class = "verse">19:34</div> But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water. 
	<div class = "verse">19:35</div> And he that saw [it] bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe. 
	<div class = "verse">19:36</div> <div class = "respect_god">For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">19:37</div> And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced.        
	<div class = "verse">19:38</div> <div class = "respect_god">And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave [him] leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">19:39</div> And there came also <div class = "respect_god">Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound [weight. ]</div>
	<div class = "verse">19:40</div> Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury.        
	<div class = "verse">19:41</div> Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid. 
	<div class = "verse">19:42</div> There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews’ preparation [day;] for the sepulchre was nigh at hand.    
     
     <div class = "book">Luke</div>      
	<div class = "verse">23:26</div> And as they led him away, they laid hold upon one Simon, a Cyrenian, coming out of the country, and on him they laid the cross, that he might bear [it] after Jesus.        
	<div class = "verse">23:27</div> And there followed him a great company of people, and of women, which also bewailed and lamented him. 
	<div class = "verse">23:28</div> But <div class = "loving">Jesus turning unto them said, Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep for yourselves, and for your children</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">23:29</div> For, behold, the days are coming, in the which they shall say, <div class = "blessings">Blessed [are] the barren, and the wombs that never bare, and the paps which never gave suck</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">23:30</div> <div class = "worship_others">Then shall they begin to say to the mountains, Fall on us; and to the hills, Cover us</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">23:31</div> For if they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?        
	<div class = "verse">23:32</div> And there were also two others, malefactors, led with him to be put to death. 
	<div class = "verse">23:33</div> And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.        
	<div class = "verse">23:34</div> Then said <div class = "merciful">Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">23:35</div> And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided [him,] saying, <div class = "other-negative">He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">23:36</div> And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar, 
	<div class = "verse">23:37</div> And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself. 
	<div class = "verse">23:38</div> And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.        
	<div class = "verse">23:39</div> And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.        
	<div class = "verse">23:40</div> But the other answering rebuked him, saying, <div class = "fear_of">Dost not thou fear God</div>, seeing thou art in the same condemnation? 
	<div class = "verse">23:41</div> <div class = "love_god">And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">23:42</div> And he said unto <div class = "worship_god">Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">23:43</div> And Jesus said unto him, <div class = "loving">Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise</div>.     
  
		<div class = "book">John</div>       
	<div class = "verse">14:6</div> <div class = "creator">Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">14:7</div> <div class = "respect_god">If ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also: and from henceforth ye know him, and have seen him</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">14:8</div> Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufficeth us.        
	<div class = "verse">14:9</div> Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou [then,] Shew us the Father? 
	<div class = "verse">14:10</div> <div class = "respect_god">Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself: but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">14:11</div> <div class = "wrathful">Believe me that I [am] in the Father, and the Father in me: or else believe me for the very works’ sake</div>.     
     
		<div class = "book">Philippians</div>       
	<div class = "verse">2:5</div> Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus: 
	<div class = "verse">2:6</div> <div class = "respect_god">Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">2:7</div> <div class = "creator">But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">2:8</div> And being found in fashion as a man, <div class = "respect_god">he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross</div>.     
      
		<div class = "book">Colossians</div>       
	<div class = "verse">1:15</div> <div class = "creator">Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">1:16</div> <div class = "creator">For by him were all things created </div>, <div class = "heaven">that are in heaven</div>, <div class = "creator">and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether [they be] thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">1:17</div> <div class = "creator">And he is before all things, and by him all things consist</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:18</div> <div class = "respect_god">And he is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead; that in all [things] he might have the preeminence</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:19</div> <div class = "worship_god">For it pleased [the Father] that in him should all fulness dwell</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">1:20</div> And, <div class = "merciful">having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself; by him, [I say,]</div> <div class = "heaven">whether [they be] things in earth, or things in heaven</div>.     
    
		<div class = "book">Luke</div>       
	<div class = "verse">22:66</div> And as soon as it was day, the elders of the people and the chief priests and the scribes came together, and led him into their council, saying, 
	<div class = "verse">22:67</div> Art thou the Christ? tell us. And he said unto them, If I tell you, ye will not believe: 
	<div class = "verse">22:68</div> And if I also ask [you,] ye will not answer me, nor let [me] go. 
	<div class = "verse">22:69</div> <div class = "respect_god">Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:70</div> <div class = "other-positive">Then said they all, Art thou then the Son of God? And he said unto them, Ye say that I am</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:71</div> And they said, <div class = "worship_god">What need we any further witness? for we ourselves have heard of his own mouth</div>.       
            


	
<h3> Parables</h3>     
		<div class = "book">Matthew</div>        
	<div class = "verse">13:10</div> And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why speakest thou unto them in parables? 
	<div class = "verse">13:11</div> He answered and said unto them, <div class = "creator">Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of</div> <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>,<div class = "creator"> but to them it is not given</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">13:12</div> <div class = "wrathful">For whosoever hath, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">13:13</div> Therefore speak I to them in parables: because they seeing see not; and hearing they hear not, neither do they understand. 
	<div class = "verse">13:14</div> And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias, which saith, By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive: 
	<div class = "verse">13:15</div> <div class = "merciful">For this people’s heart is waxed gross, and [their] ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with [their] eyes, and hear with [their] ears, and should understand with [their] heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">13:16</div> <div class = "blessings">But blessed [are] your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear</div>.    
            

	
	
<h3> Revelations</h3>
		<div class = "book">Revelations</div>        
	<div class = "verse">1:1</div> <div class = "creator">The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass</div>; and he sent and signified [it] by his angel unto his servant John: 
	<div class = "verse">1:2</div> <div class = "other-neutral">Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ</div>, and of all things that he saw. 
	<div class = "verse">1:3</div> <div class = "blessings">Blessed [is] he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time [is] at hand</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:4</div> John to the seven churches which are in Asia: <div class = "worship_others">Grace [be] unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">1:5</div> <div class = "respect_god">And from Jesus Christ, [who is] the faithful witness, [and] the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood</div>,        
	<div class = "verse">1:6</div> <div class = "worship_god">And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him [be] glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:7</div> <div class = "worship_god">Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they [also] which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:8</div> <div class = "powerful">I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">1:9</div> <div class = "respect_god">I John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:10</div> I was in the Spirit on the Lord’s day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet, 
	<div class = "verse">1:11</div> Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and,<div class = "other-neutral"> What thou seest, write in a book, and send [it] unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">1:12</div> And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks; 
	<div class = "verse">1:13</div> And in the midst of the seven candlesticks [one] like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle. 
	<div class = "verse">1:14</div> His head and [his] hairs [were] white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes [were] as a flame of fire; 
	<div class = "verse">1:15</div> And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as the sound of many waters. 
	<div class = "verse">1:16</div> And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance [was] as the sun shineth in his strength. 
	<div class = "verse">1:17</div> <div class = "fear_of">And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">1:18</div> <div class = "powerful">I [am] he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen</div>; and <div class = "hell">have the keys of hell and of death.</div>        
	<div class = "verse">1:19</div> Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the things which shall be hereafter;        
	<div class = "verse">1:20</div> The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches.        
	<div class = "verse">2:1</div> Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks; 
	<div class = "verse">2:2</div> I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars: 
	<div class = "verse">2:3</div> And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name’s sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted. 
	<div class = "verse">2:4</div> <div class = "wrathful">Nevertheless I have [somewhat] against thee, because thou hast left thy first love</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">2:5</div> Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou repent. 
	<div class = "verse">2:6</div> But this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also hate.        
	<div class = "verse">2:7</div> <div class = "worship_god">He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">2:8</div> And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive; 
	<div class = "verse">2:9</div> I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and [I know] the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but [are] the synagogue of Satan. 
	<div class = "verse">2:10</div> <div class = "fear_of">Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer</div>: behold, the devil shall cast [some] of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life. 
	<div class = "verse">2:11</div> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death.        
	<div class = "verse">2:12</div> And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges; 
	<div class = "verse">2:13</div> I know thy works, and where thou dwellest, [even] where Satan’s seat [is:] and thou holdest fast my name, and hast not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas [was] my faithful martyr, who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth. 
	<div class = "verse">2:14</div> But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication. 
	<div class = "verse">2:15</div> So hast thou also them that hold the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate. 
	<div class = "verse">2:16</div> Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth. 
	<div class = "verse">2:17</div> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth [it.        ]
	<div class = "verse">2:18</div> And unto the angel of the church in Thyatira write; <div class = "powerful">These things saith the Son of God, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet [are] like fine brass</div>;        
	<div class = "verse">2:19</div> I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and thy works; and the last [to be] more than the first. 
	<div class = "verse">2:20</div> Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols. 
	<div class = "verse">2:21</div> And I gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she repented not. 
	<div class = "verse">2:22</div> Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.        
	<div class = "verse">2:23</div> And I will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works. 
	<div class = "verse">2:24</div> But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden. 
	<div class = "verse">2:25</div> But that which ye have [already] hold fast till I come. 
	<div class = "verse">2:26</div> And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations: 
	<div class = "verse">2:27</div> And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.        
	<div class = "verse">2:28</div> And I will give him the morning star. 
	<div class = "verse">2:29</div> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.        
	<div class = "verse">3:1</div> And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; <div class = "other-neutral">These things saith he that hath the seven Spirits of God, and the seven stars; I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">3:2</div> <div class = "wrathful">Be watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found thy works perfect before God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">3:3</div> Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee. 
	<div class = "verse">3:4</div> Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in white: for they are worthy. 
	<div class = "verse">3:5</div> He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.        
	<div class = "verse">3:6</div> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.        
	<div class = "verse">3:7</div> And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man openeth; 
	<div class = "verse">3:8</div> I know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not denied my name. 
	<div class = "verse">3:9</div> Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee. 
	<div class = "verse">3:10</div> Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">3:11</div> Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown. 
	<div class = "verse">3:12</div> <div class = "other-neutral">Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, [which is] new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of</div> <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> <div class = "other-neutral">from my God: and [I will write upon him] my new name</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">3:13</div> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.        
	<div class = "verse">3:14</div> And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; <div class = "creator">These things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God</div>;        
	<div class = "verse">3:15</div> I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot. 
	<div class = "verse">3:16</div> So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth. 
	<div class = "verse">3:17</div> Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked: 
	<div class = "verse">3:18</div> I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and [that] the shame of thy nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest see. 
	<div class = "verse">3:19</div> As many as I <div class = "love_others">love</div>, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent. 
	<div class = "verse">3:20</div> Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me. 
	<div class = "verse">3:21</div> <div class = "respect_god">To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">3:22</div> He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.</div>    
        
		<div class = "book">Revelations</div>        
	<div class = "verse">8:1</div> And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> about the space of half an hour. 
	<div class = "verse">8:2</div> <div class = "powerful">And I saw the seven angels which stood before God</div>; and to them were given seven trumpets. 
	<div class = "verse">8:3</div> And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should offer [it] with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. 
	<div class = "verse">8:4</div> <div class = "powerful">And the smoke of the incense, [which came] with the prayers of the saints, ascended up before God</div> out of the angel’s hand. 
	<div class = "verse">8:5</div> And the angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast [it] into the earth: and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings, and an earthquake. 
	<div class = "verse">8:6</div> And the seven angels which had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.        
	<div class = "verse">8:7</div> The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth: and the third part of trees was burnt up, and all green grass was burnt up. 
	<div class = "verse">8:8</div> And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea: and the third part of the sea became blood; 
	<div class = "verse">8:9</div> And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed.        
	<div class = "verse">8:10</div> And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;        
	<div class = "verse">8:11</div> <div class = "wrathful">And the name of the star is called Wormwood: and the third part of the waters became wormwood; and many men died of the waters, because they were made bitter</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">8:12</div> And the fourth angel sounded, and the third part of the sun was smitten, and the third part of the moon, and the third part of the stars; so as the third part of them was darkened, and the day shone not for a third part of it, and the night likewise.        
	<div class = "verse">8:13</div> And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, saying with a loud voice, <div class = "wrathful">Woe, woe, woe, to the inhabiters of the earth by reason of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels, which are yet to sound</div>!        
	<div class = "verse">9:1</div> And the fifth angel sounded, and I saw a star fall from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> unto the earth: and to him was given the key of the bottomless pit. 
	<div class = "verse">9:2</div> And he opened the bottomless pit; and there arose a smoke out of the pit, as the smoke of a great furnace; and the sun and the air were darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit. 
	<div class = "verse">9:3</div> And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power. 
	<div class = "verse">9:4</div> <div class = "wrathful">And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth, neither any green thing, neither any tree; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">9:5</div> <div class = "wrathful">And to them it was given that they should not kill them, but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment [was] as the torment of a scorpion, when he striketh a man</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">9:6</div> <div class = "wrathful">And in those days shall men seek death, and shall not find it; and shall desire to die, and death shall flee from them</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">9:7</div> And the shapes of the locusts [were] like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads [were] as it were crowns like gold, and their faces [were] as the faces of men. 
	<div class = "verse">9:8</div> And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as [the teeth] of lions. 
	<div class = "verse">9:9</div> And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings [was] as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle.        
	<div class = "verse">9:10</div> And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power [was] to hurt men five months. 
	<div class = "verse">9:11</div> And they had a king over them, [which is] the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue [is] Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath [his] name Apollyon. 
	<div class = "verse">9:12</div> <div class = "wrathful">One woe is past; [and,] behold, there come two woes more hereafter</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">9:13</div> And the sixth angel sounded, and <div class = "powerful">I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God</div>,        
	<div class = "verse">9:14</div> Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet, Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates. 
	<div class = "verse">9:15</div> <div class = "wrathful">And the four angels were loosed, which were prepared for an hour, and a day, and a month, and a year, for to slay the third part of men</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">9:16</div> And the number of the army of the horsemen [were] two hundred thousand thousand: and I heard the number of them. 
	<div class = "verse">9:17</div> And thus I saw the horses in the vision, and them that sat on them, having breastplates of fire, and of jacinth, and brimstone: and the heads of the horses [were] as the heads of lions; and out of their mouths issued fire and smoke and brimstone. 
	<div class = "verse">9:18</div> <div class = "wrathful">By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">9:19</div> For their power is in their mouth, and in their tails: for their tails [were] like unto serpents, and had heads, and with them they do hurt.        
	<div class = "verse">9:20</div> <div class = "worship_idols">And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands, that they should not worship devils, and idols of gold, and silver, and brass, and stone, and of wood: which neither can see, nor hear, nor walk</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">9:21</div> Neither repented they of their murders, nor of their sorceries, nor of their fornication, nor of their thefts.        
	<div class = "verse">10:1</div> And I saw another mighty angel come down from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, clothed with a cloud: and a rainbow [was] upon his head, and his face [was] as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire: 
	<div class = "verse">10:2</div> And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his right foot upon the sea, and [his] left [foot] on the earth, 
	<div class = "verse">10:3</div> And cried with a loud voice, as [when] a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. 
	<div class = "verse">10:4</div> And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.        
	<div class = "verse">10:5</div> And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">10:6</div> <div class = "creator">And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever, who created</div> <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, <div class = "wrathful">and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">10:7</div> But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, <div class = "wrathful">the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">10:8</div> And the voice which I heard from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> spake unto me again, and said, Go [and] take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">10:9</div> And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take [it,] and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. 
	<div class = "verse">10:10</div> And I took the little book out of the angel’s hand, and ate it up; and it was in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. 
	<div class = "verse">10:11</div> And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and tongues, and kings.        
	<div class = "verse">11:1</div> And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood, saying, <div class = "respect_god">Rise, and measure the temple of God</div>, and the altar, and them that worship therein. 
	<div class = "verse">11:2</div> But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty [and] two months.        
	<div class = "verse">11:3</div> <div class = "powerful">And I will give [power] unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred [and] threescore days, clothed in sackcloth</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:4</div> These are the <div class = "creator">two olive trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the God of the earth</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:5</div> <div class = "wrathful">And if any man will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:6</div> These have power to shut <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will. 
	<div class = "verse">11:7</div> <div class = "wrathful">And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill them</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:8</div> <div class = "wrathful">And their dead bodies [shall lie] in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:9</div> And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves. 
	<div class = "verse">11:10</div> And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">11:11</div> <div class = "creator">And after three days and an half the Spirit of life from God entered into them, and they stood upon their feet</div>; and <div class = "fear_of">great fear fell upon them which saw them</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:12</div> And they heard a great voice from <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> saying unto them, Come up hither. And they ascended up to <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them. 
	<div class = "verse">11:13</div> <div class = "wrathful">And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of</div>        <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:14</div> The second woe is past; [and,] behold, the third woe cometh quickly. 
	<div class = "verse">11:15</div> And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, saying, <div class = "powerful">The kingdoms of this world are become [the kingdoms] of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">11:16</div> And the four and twenty elders,<div class = "worship_god"> which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God </div>, 
	<div class = "verse">11:17</div> Saying, <div class = "worship_god">We give thee thanks, O Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">11:18</div> And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and <div class = "fear_of">them that fear thy name</div>, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth. 
	<div class = "verse">11:19</div> <div class = "wrathful">And the temple of God was opened in</div> <div class = "heaven">heaven</div>,<div class = "wrathful"> and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail</div>.       
     
		<div class = "book">Revelations</div>       
	<div class = "verse">21:1</div> And I saw a new <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> and a new earth: for the first <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea. 
	<div class = "verse">21:2</div> <div class = "powerful">And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of </div><div class = "heaven">heaven</div>, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. 
	<div class = "verse">21:3</div> And I heard a great voice out of <div class = "heaven">heaven</div> saying, <div class = "merciful">Behold, the tabernacle of God [is] with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, [and be] their God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:4</div> <div class = "loving">And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:5</div> And he that sat upon the throne said, <div class = "creator">Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:6</div> And he said unto me, It is done.<div class = "creator"> I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">21:7</div> <div class = "creator">He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:8</div> <div class = "wrathful">But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">21:9</div> And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb’s wife. 
	<div class = "verse">21:10</div> And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and <div class = "other-neutral">shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of</div> <div class = "heaven">heaven</div><div class = "other-neutral"> from God</div>, 
	<div class = "verse">21:11</div> <div class = "loving">Having the glory of God: and her light [was] like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal</div>; 
	<div class = "verse">21:12</div> <div class = "respect_others">And had a wall great and high, [and] had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are [the names] of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">21:13</div> On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates. 
	<div class = "verse">21:14</div> <div class = "respect_others">And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:15</div> And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof. 
	<div class = "verse">21:16</div> And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.        
	<div class = "verse">21:17</div> And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred [and] forty [and] four cubits, [according to] the measure of a man, that is, of the angel. 
	<div class = "verse">21:18</div> And the building of the wall of it was [of] jasper: and the city [was] pure gold, like unto clear glass. 
	<div class = "verse">21:19</div> And the foundations of the wall of the city [were] garnished with all manner of precious stones. The first foundation [was] jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald; 
	<div class = "verse">21:20</div> The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolite; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst. 
	<div class = "verse">21:21</div> And the twelve gates [were] twelve pearls; every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city [was] pure gold, as it were transparent glass.        
	<div class = "verse">21:22</div> <div class = "powerful">And I saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:23</div> <div class = "powerful">And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb [is] the light thereof</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:24</div> <div class = "worship_god">And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:25</div> And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no night there. 
	<div class = "verse">21:26</div> <div class = "loving">And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">21:27</div> And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither [whatsoever] worketh abomination, or [maketh] a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb’s book of life.        
	<div class = "verse">22:1</div> <div class = "powerful">And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:2</div> In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, [was there] the tree of life, which bare twelve [manner] of fruits, [and] yielded her fruit every month: and the leaves of the tree [were] for the healing of the nations. 
	<div class = "verse">22:3</div> And there shall be no more curse: <div class = "respect_god">but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">22:4</div> And they shall see his face; and his name [shall be] in their foreheads. 
	<div class = "verse">22:5</div> And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; <div class = "creator">for the Lord God giveth them light</div>: and they shall reign for ever and ever.        
	<div class = "verse">22:6</div> And he said unto me, <div class = "blessings">These sayings [are] faithful and true: and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:7</div> <div class = "blessings">Behold, I come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">22:8</div> And I John saw these things, and heard [them.] And when I had heard and seen,<div class = "worship_others"> I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me these things</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:9</div> Then saith he unto me, <div class = "worship_god">See [thou do it] not: for I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book: worship God</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:10</div> And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: for the time is at hand. 
	<div class = "verse">22:11</div> <div class = "wrathful">He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:12</div> And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward [is] with me, to give every man according as his work shall be. 
	<div class = "verse">22:13</div> <div class = "creator">I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:14</div> <div class = "blessings">Blessed [are] they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life</div>, and<div class = "heaven"> may enter in through the gates into the city</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">22:15</div> <div class = "wrathful">For without [are] dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">22:16</div> <div class = "powerful">I Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the root and the offspring of David, [and] the bright and morning star</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">22:17</div> <div class = "loving">And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">22:18</div> <div class = "wrathful">For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">22:19</div> <div class = "wrathful">And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and [from] the things which are written in this book</div>.        
	<div class = "verse">22:20</div> He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.</div>        
	
<h3>Abraham</h3>  
<div class = "book">Hebrews</div>        
	<div class = "verse">11:8</div> <div class = "respect_god">By faith Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance, obeyed; and he went out, not knowing whither he went</div>. 
	<div class = "verse">11:9</div> <div class = "respect_god">By faith he sojourned in the land of promise, as [in] a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise</div>: 
	<div class = "verse">11:10</div> <div class = "creator">For he looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker [is] God</div>.    
     
	<div class = "book">James</div>      
	<div class = "verse">2:21</div> <div class = "worship_god">Was not Abraham our father justified by works, when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar</div>.     

		
		</div>
	

		<div id="checkbox-checked-q"> <h2>Quran</h2> 
		<h3>Creation</h3>
<div class ="chapter"> chapter 14</div>	
    <div class = "verse">32</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> is He Who created the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth, and sends down water from the sky, and with it produces fruits for your sustenance. And He committed the ships to your service, sailing through the sea by His command, and He committed the rivers to your service.
		<div class = "verse">33</div> And He committed the sun and the moon to your service, both continuously pursuing their courses, and He committed the night and the day to your service.
    <div class = "verse">34</div> And He has given you something of all what you asked. And if you were to count <div class = "creator">God</div>’s <div class = "fear_of">blessings</div>, you would not be able to enumerate them. The human being is unfair and ungrateful.

		<div class = "chapter"> chapter 23</div>
        <div class = "verse">12</div> We created man from an extract of clay.
    <div class = "verse">13</div> Then We made him a seed, in a secure repository.
        <div class = "verse">14</div> Then We developed the seed into a clot. Then We developed the clot into a lump. Then We developed the lump into bones. Then We clothed the bones with flesh. Then We produced it into another creature. Most Blessed is <div class = "creator">God</div>, the Best of Creators.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 35</div>
        <div class = "verse">1</div> Praise be to <div class = "creator">God</div>, Originator of the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth, Maker of the angels messengers with wings—double, triple, and quadruple. He adds to creation as He wills. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Able to do all things.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 39</div>
        <div class = "verse">62</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> is the Creator of all things, and He is in Charge of all things.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 40</div>
        <div class = "verse">57</div> Certainly the creation of the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth is greater than the creation of humanity, but most people do not know.
    	<div class = "verse">67</div> verse is He who created you from dust, then from a seed, then from an embryo, then He brings you out as an infant, then He lets you reach your maturity, then you become elderly—although some of you die sooner—so that you may reach a predetermined age, so that you may understand.
        <div class = "verse">68</div> verse is He who gives life and death; and when He decides on a thing, He just says to it, “Be,” and it comes to be.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 50</div>
        <div class = "verse">38</div> We created the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth and what is between them in six days, and no fatigue touched Us.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 65</div>
        <div class = "verse">12</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> is He Who created seven <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s, and their like of earth. The command descends through them, so that you may know that <div class = "creator">God</div> is Capable of everything, and that <div class = "creator">God</div> Encompasses everything in knowledge.



        	<h3>Revelations</h3>
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 14</div>
        <div class = "verse">48</div> On the Day when the earth is changed into another earth, and the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s, and they will emerge before <div class = "creator">God</div>, the One, the verseresistible.
        <div class = "verse">49</div> On that Day, you will see the sinners bound together in chains.
        <div class = "verse">50</div> Their garments made of tar, and the Fire covering their faces.
        <div class = "verse">51</div> That <div class = "creator">God</div> may repay each soul according to what it has earned. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Quick in reckoning.
        <div class = "verse">52</div> This is a proclamation for mankind, that they may be warned thereby, and know that He is One <div class = "creator">God</div>, and that people of understanding may remember.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 50</div>
        <div class = "verse">41</div> And listen for the Day when the caller calls from a nearby place.
        <div class = "verse">42</div> The Day when they will hear the Shout in all truth. That is the Day of Emergence.
        <div class = "verse">43</div> verse is We who control life and death, and to Us is the destination.
        <div class = "verse">44</div> The Day when the earth will crack for them at once. That is an easy gathering for Us.
        <div class = "verse">45</div> We are fully aware of what they say, and you are not a dictator over them. So remind by the Quran whoever fears My warning.
    
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 69</div>
        <div class = "verse">13</div> Then, when the Trumpet is sounded a single time.
        <div class = "verse">14</div> And the earth and the mountains are lifted up, and crushed, with a single crush.
        <div class = "verse">15</div> On that Day, the Event will come to pass.
        <div class = "verse">16</div> And the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div> will crack; so on that Day it will be frail.
        <div class = "verse">17</div> And the angels will be ranged around its borders, while eight will be carrying the Throne of your verserd above them that Day.
        <div class = "verse">18</div> On that Day you will be exposed, and no secret of yours will remain hidden.
        <div class = "verse">19</div> As for him who is given his book in his right hand, he will say, “Here, take my book and read it.
        <div class = "verse">20</div> he knew he would be held accountable.”
        <div class = "verse">21</div> So he will be in pleasant living.
        <div class = "verse">22</div> verse a lofty Garden.
        <div class = "verse">23</div> verses pickings are within reach.
        <div class = "verse">24</div> “Eat and drink merrily for what you did in the days gone by.”
        <div class = "verse">25</div> But as for him who is given his book in his left hand, he will say, “versewish versewas never given my book.
        <div class = "verse">26</div> And never knew what my account was.
        <div class = "verse">27</div> verse only it was the end.
        <div class = "verse">28</div> My money cannot avail me.
        <div class = "verse">29</div> My power has vanished from me.”
        <div class = "verse">30</div> “Take him and shackle him.
        <div class = "verse">31</div> Then scorch him in the Blaze.
        <div class = "verse">32</div> Then in a chain which length is seventy cubits tie him up.
        <div class = "verse">33</div> For he would not believe in <div class = "creator">God</div> the Great.
        <div class = "verse">34</div> Nor would he advocate the feeding of the destitute.
        <div class = "verse">35</div> So he has no friend here today.
        <div class = "verse">36</div> And no food except scum.
        <div class = "verse">37</div> Which only the sinners eat.”
   
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 73</div>
        <div class = "verse">14</div> On the Day when the earth and the mountains tremble, and the mountains become heaps of sand.



        	<h3>Parables</h3>
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 4</div>
        <div class = "verse">36</div> <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> <div class = "creator">God</div>, and ascribe no partners to Him, and be good to the parents, and the relatives, and the orphans, and the poor, and the neighbor next door, and the distant neighbor, and the close associate, and the traveler, and your servants. <div class = "creator">God</div> does not <div class = "loving">love</div> the arrogant showoff.
        <div class = "verse">37</div> Those who are stingy, and exhort people to stinginess, and conceal what <div class = "creator">God</div> has given them from His bounty. We have prepared for the disbelievers a disgraceful punishment.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 14</div>
        <div class = "verse">25</div> verse yields its fruits every season by the will of its verserd. <div class = "creator">God</div> presents the parables to the people, so that they may reflect.
        <div class = "verse">26</div> And the parable of a bad word is that of a bad tree—it is uprooted from the ground; it has no stability.
        <div class = "verse">27</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> gives firmness to those who believe, with the firm word, in this life, and in the Hereafter. And <div class = "creator">God</div> leads the wicked astray. <div class = "creator">God</div> does whatever He wills.

    

        	<h3>Noah and the Flood</h3>
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 11</div>
        <div class = "verse">25</div> We sent Noah to his people, “verseam to you a clear warner.”
        <div class = "verse">26</div> “That you shall <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> none but <div class = "creator">God</div>. versefear for you the agony of a painful Day.”
        <div class = "verse">27</div> The notables who disbelieved among his people said, “We see in you nothing but a man like us, and we see that only the worst among us have followed you, those of immature judgment. And we see that you have no advantage over us. verse fact, we think you are liars.”
        <div class = "verse">28</div> He said, “O my people, Have you considered? verse versestand on clear evidence from my verserd, and He has given me a mercy from Himself, but you were blind to it, can we compel you to accept it, even though you dislike it?”
        <div class = "verse">29</div> “O my people! verseask of you no money for it. My reward lies only with <div class = "creator">God</div>. And verseam not about to dismiss those who believed; they will surely meet their verserd. And versesee that you are ignorant people.”
        <div class = "verse">30</div> “O my people! Who will support me against <div class = "creator">God</div>, if versedismiss them? Will you not give a thought?”
        <div class = "verse">31</div> “versedo not say to you that versepossess the treasures of <div class = "creator">God</div>, nor do verseknow the future, nor do versesay that verseam an angel. Nor do versesay of those who are despicable in your eyes that <div class = "creator">God</div> will never give them any good. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Aware of what lies in their souls. verse versedid, versewould be one of the wrongdoers.”
        <div class = "verse">32</div> They said, “O Noah, you have argued with us, and argued a great deal. Now bring upon us what you threaten us with, if you are truthful.”
        <div class = "verse">33</div> He said, “verse is <div class = "creator">God</div> who will bring it upon you, if He wills, and you will not be able to escape.”
        <div class = "verse">34</div> “My advice will not benefit you, much as versemay want to advise you, if <div class = "creator">God</div> desires to confound you. He is your verserd, and to Him you will be returned.”
        <div class = "verse">35</div> Or do they say, “He made it up?” Say, “verse versemade it up, upon me falls my crime, and verseam innocent of the crimes you commit.”
        <div class = "verse">36</div> And it was revealed to Noah: “None of your people will believe, except those who have already believed, so do not grieve over what they do.”
        <div class = "verse">37</div> “And build the Ark, under Our eyes, and with Our inspiration, and do not address Me regarding those who did wrong; they are to be drowned.”
        <div class = "verse">38</div> As he was building the ark, whenever some of his people passed by him, they ridiculed him. He said, “verse you ridicule us, we will ridicule you, just as you ridicule.”
        <div class = "verse">39</div> “You will surely know upon whom will come a torment that will abase him, and upon whom will fall a lasting torment.”
        <div class = "verse">40</div> Until, when Our command came, and the volcano erupted, We said, “Board into it a pair of every kind, and your family—except those against whom the sentence has already been passed—and those who have believed.” But those who believed with him were only a few.
        <div class = "verse">41</div> He said, “Embark in it. verse the name of <div class = "creator">God</div> shall be its sailing and its anchorage. My verserd is indeed Forgiving and Merciful.”
        <div class = "verse">42</div> And so it sailed with them amidst waves like hills. And Noah called to his son, who had kept away, “O my son! Embark with us, and do not be with the disbelievers.”
        <div class = "verse">43</div> He said, “versewill take refuge on a mountain—it will protect me from the water.” He said, “There is no protection from <div class = "creator">God</div>’s decree today, except for him on whom He has mercy.” And the waves surged between them, and he was among the drowned.
        <div class = "verse">44</div> And it was said, “O earth, swallow your waters,” and “O <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>, clear up.” And the waters receded, and the event was concluded, and it settled on Judi, and it was proclaimed: “Away with the wicked people.”
        <div class = "verse">45</div> And Noah called to his verserd. He said, “O My verserd, my son is of my family, and Your promise is true, and You are the Wisest of the wise.”
        <div class = "verse">46</div> He said, “O Noah, he is not of your family. verse is an unrighteous deed. So do not ask Me about something you know nothing about. verseadmonish you, lest you be one of the ignorant.”
            <div class = "verse">47</div> He said, “O My verserd, verseseek refuge with You, from asking You about what versehave no knowledge of. Unless You forgive me, and have mercy on me, versewill be one of the losers.”
        <div class = "verse">48</div> verse was said, “O Noah, disembark with peace from Us; and with <div class = "fear_of">blessings</div> upon you, and upon communities from those with you. And other communities We will grant prosperity, and then a painful torment from Us will befall them.”

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 23</div>
        <div class = "verse">23</div> We sent Noah to his people. He said, “O my people, <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> <div class = "creator">God</div>, you have no deity other than Him. Will you not take heed?”
        <div class = "verse">24</div> But the notables of his people, who disbelieved, said, “This is nothing but a human like you, who wants to gain superiority over you. Had <div class = "creator">God</div> willed, He would have sent down angels. We never heard of this from our forefathers of old.
        <div class = "verse">25</div> He is nothing but a man possessed. Just ignore him for a while.”
        <div class = "verse">26</div> He said, “My verserd, help me, for they have rejected me.”
        <div class = "verse">27</div> So We inspired him: “Build the Ark under Our observation and by Our inspiration. And when Our decree comes to pass, and the oven boils over, load into it two pairs of every kind, together with your family, except those of them against whom the word has already been pronounced. And do not speak to me concerning those who did wrong; for they are to be drowned.”
        <div class = "verse">28</div> Then, when you and those with you are settled in the Ark, say, “Praise be to <div class = "creator">God</div>, who has saved us from the wrongdoing people.”
        <div class = "verse">29</div> And say, “My verserd, land me with a blessed landing, as you are the best of transporters.”
        <div class = "verse">30</div> Surely in that are signs. We are always testing.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 71</div>
        <div class = "verse">1</div> We sent Noah to his people: “Warn your people before there comes upon them a painful punishment.”
        <div class = "verse">2</div> He said, “O my people, verseam to you a clear warner.
        <div class = "verse">3</div> <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> and reverence Him, and obey me.
        <div class = "verse">4</div> And He will forgive you of your sins, and reprieve you until a stated term. <div class = "creator">God</div>’s term cannot be deferred once it has arrived, if you only knew.”
        <div class = "verse">5</div> He said, “My verserd, versehave called my people night and day.
        <div class = "verse">6</div> But my call added only to their flight.
        <div class = "verse">7</div> Whenever versecalled them to Your forgiveness, they thrust their fingers into their ears, and wrapped themselves in their garments, and insisted, and became more and more arrogant.
        <div class = "verse">8</div> Then versecalled them openly.
        <div class = "verse">9</div> Then verseappealed to them publicly, and versespoke to them privately.
        <div class = "verse">10</div> versesaid, ‘Ask your verserd for forgiveness; He is Forgiving.
        <div class = "verse">11</div> He will let loose the sky upon you in torrents.
        <div class = "verse">12</div> And provide you with wealth and children, and allot for you gardens, and allot for you rivers.
        <div class = "verse">13</div> What is the matter with you, that you do not appreciate <div class = "creator">God</div>’s Greatness?
        <div class = "verse">14</div> Although He created you in stages.
        <div class = "verse">15</div> Do you not realize that <div class = "creator">God</div> created seven <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s in layers?
        <div class = "verse">16</div> And He set the moon in their midst for light, and He made the sun a lamp.
        <div class = "verse">17</div> And <div class = "creator">God</div> germinated you from the earth like plants.
        <div class = "verse">18</div> Then He will return you into it, and will bring you out again.
        <div class = "verse">19</div> And <div class = "creator">God</div> made the earth a spread for you.
        <div class = "verse">20</div> That you may travel its diverse roads.’”
        <div class = "verse">21</div> Noah said, “My verserd, they have defied me, and followed him whose wealth and children increase him only in perdition.”
        <div class = "verse">22</div> And they schemed outrageous schemes.
        <div class = "verse">23</div> And they said, “Do not give up your <div class = "creator">God</div>s; do not give up Wadd, nor Souwa, nor Yaghoos, and Yaooq, and Nassr.
        <div class = "verse">24</div> They have misled many, so do not increase the wrongdoers except in confusion.”
        <div class = "verse">25</div> Because of their wrongs, they were drowned, and were hurled into a Fire. They did not find apart from <div class = "creator">God</div> any helpers.
        <div class = "verse">26</div> Noah said, “My verserd, do not leave of the unbelievers a single dweller on earth.
        <div class = "verse">27</div> verse You leave them, they will mislead your servants, and will breed only wicked unbelievers.
        <div class = "verse">28</div> My verserd! Forgive me and my parents, and anyone who enters my home in faith, and all the believing men and believing women; and do not increase the wrongdoers except in perdition.”



        	<h3>Moses</h3>
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 4</div>
        <div class = "verse">164</div> Do not give the immature your money which <div class = "creator">God</div> has assigned to you for support. But provide for them from it, and clothe them, and speak to them with kind words.
        <div class = "verse">165</div> Test the orphans until they reach the age of marriage. verse you find them to be mature enough, hand over their properties to them. And do not consume it extravagantly or hastily before they grow up. The rich shall not charge any wage, but the poor may charge fairly. When you hand over their properties to them, have it witnessed for them. <div class = "creator">God</div> suffices as a Reckoner.
        <div class = "verse">166</div> Men receive a share of what their parents and relatives leave, and women receive a share of what their parents and relatives leave; be it little or much—a legal share.
        <div class = "verse">167</div> verse the distribution is attended by the relatives, and the orphans, and the needy, give them something out of it, and speak to them kindly.
        <div class = "verse">168</div> Those who are concerned about the fate of their weak children, in case they leave them behind, should fear <div class = "creator">God</div>, and speak appropriate words.
        <div class = "verse">169</div> Those who consume the wealth of orphans illicitly consume only fire into their bellies; and they will roast in a Blaze.
        <div class = "verse">170</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> instructs you regarding your children: The male receives the equivalent of the share of two females. verse they are daughters, more than two, they get two-thirds of what he leaves. verse there is only one, she gets one-half. As for the parents, each gets one-sixth of what he leaves, if he had children. verse he had no children, and his parents inherit from him, his mother gets one-third. verse he has siblings, his mother gets one-sixth. After fulfilling any bequest and paying off debts. Your parents and your children—you do not know which are closer to you in welfare. This is <div class = "creator">God</div>'s versew. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Knowing and Judicious.
        <div class = "verse">171</div> You get one-half of what your wives leave behind, if they had no children. verse they had children, you get one-fourth of what they leave. After fulfilling any bequest and paying off debts. They get one-fourth of what you leave behind, if you have no children. verse you have children, they get one-eighth of what you leave. After fulfilling any bequest and paying off debts. verse a man or woman leaves neither parents nor children, but has a brother or sister, each of them gets one-sixth. verse there are more siblings, they share one-third. After fulfilling any bequest and paying off debts, without any prejudice. This is a will from <div class = "creator">God</div>. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Knowing and Clement.
        <div class = "verse">172</div> These are the bounds set by <div class = "creator">God</div>. Whoever obeys <div class = "creator">God</div> and His Messenger, He will admit him into Gardens beneath which rivers flow, to abide therein forever. That is the great attainment.
        <div class = "verse">173</div> But whoever disobeys <div class = "creator">God</div> and His Messenger, and oversteps His bounds, He will admit him into a Fire, wherein he abides forever, and he will have a shameful punishment.
        <div class = "verse">174</div> Those of your women who commit lewdness, you must have four witnesses against them, from among you. verse they testify, confine them to the homes until death claims them, or <div class = "creator">God</div> makes a way for them.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 14</div>
        <div class = "verse">5</div> We sent Moses with Our signs: “Bring your people out of darkness into light, and remind them of the Days of <div class = "creator">God</div>.” verse that are signs for every patient and thankful person.”
        <div class = "verse">6</div> Moses said to his people, “Remember <div class = "creator">God</div>’s <div class = "fear_of">blessings</div> upon you, as He delivered you from the people of Pharaoh, who inflicted on you terrible suffering, slaughtering your sons while sparing your daughters. verse that was a serious trial from your verserd.”
        <div class = "verse">7</div> And when your verserd proclaimed: “verse you give thanks, versewill grant you increase; but if you are ungrateful, My punishment is severe.”
        <div class = "verse">8</div> And Moses said, “Even if you are ungrateful, together with everyone on earth—<div class = "creator">God</div> is in no need, Worthy of Praise.”
        <div class = "verse">9</div> Has not the h3 reached you, of those before you, the people of Noah, and Aad, and Thamood—and those after them? None knows them except <div class = "creator">God</div>. Their messengers came to them with the clear proofs, but they tried to silence them, and said, “We reject what you are sent with, and we are in serious doubt regarding what you are calling us to.”
        <div class = "verse">10</div> Their messengers said, “verse there any doubt about <div class = "creator">God</div>, Maker of the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth? He calls you to forgive you your sins, and to defer you until a stated term.” They said, “You are only humans like us; you want to turn us away from what our ancestors <div class = "fear_of">worship</div>ed; so bring us a clear proof.”
        <div class = "verse">11</div> Their messengers said to them, “We are only humans like you, but <div class = "creator">God</div> favors whomever He wills from among His servants. We cannot possibly show you any proof, except by leave of <div class = "creator">God</div>. verse <div class = "creator">God</div> let the faithful put their trust.”
        <div class = "verse">12</div> “And why should we not trust in <div class = "creator">God</div>, when He has guided us in our ways? We will persevere in the face of your persecution. And upon <div class = "creator">God</div> the reliant should rely.”
        <div class = "verse">13</div> Those who disbelieved said to their messengers, “We will expel you from our land, unless you return to our religion.” And their verserd inspired them: “We will destroy the wrongdoers.”
        <div class = "verse">14</div> “And We will settle you in the land after them. That is for him who fears My Majesty, and fears My threats.”
        <div class = "verse">15</div> And they prayed for victory, and every stubborn tyrant came to disappointment.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 23</div>
        <div class = "verse">49</div> And We gave Moses the Scripture, that they may be guided.

        	<h3>Abraham</h3>
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 2</div>
        <div class = "verse">124</div> And when his verserd tested Abraham with certain words, and he fulfilled them. He said, “verseam making you a leader of humanity.” He said, “And my descendants?” He said, “My pledge does not include the wrongdoers.”
        <div class = "verse">125</div> And We made the House a focal point for the people, and a sanctuary. Use the shrine of Abraham as a place of prayer. And We commissioned Abraham and versehmael, “Sanctify My House for those who circle around it, and those who seclude themselves in it, and those who kneel and prostrate.”
        <div class = "verse">126</div> When Abraham said, “O My verserd, make this a peaceful land, and provide its people with fruits—whoever of them believes in <div class = "creator">God</div> and the versest Day.” He said, “And whoever disbelieves, versewill give him a little enjoyment, then versewill consign him to the punishment of the Fire; how miserable the destiny!”
        <div class = "verse">127</div> As Abraham raises the foundations of the House, together with versehmael, “Our verserd, accept it from us, You are the Hearer, the Knower.
        <div class = "verse">128</div> Our verserd, and make us submissive to You, and from our descendants a community submissive to You. And show us our rites, and accept our repentance. You are the Acceptor of Repentance, the Merciful.
        <div class = "verse">129</div> Our verserd, and raise up among them a messenger, of themselves, who will recite to them Your revelations, and teach them the Book and wisdom, and purify them. You are the Almighty, the Wise.”
        <div class = "verse">130</div> Who would forsake the religion of Abraham, except he who fools himself? We chose him in this world, and in the Hereafter he will be among the righteous.
        <div class = "verse">131</div> When his verserd said to him, “Submit!” He said, “versehave submitted to the verserd of the Worlds.”
        <div class = "verse">132</div> And Abraham exhorted his sons, and Jacob, “O my sons, <div class = "creator">God</div> has chosen this religion for you, so do not die unless you have submitted.”
        <div class = "verse">133</div> Or were you witnesses when death approached Jacob, and he said to his sons, “What will you <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> after Me?” They said, “We will <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> your <div class = "creator">God</div>, and the <div class = "creator">God</div> of your fathers, Abraham, versehmael, and verseaac; One <div class = "creator">God</div>; and to Him we submit.”
        <div class = "verse">134</div> That was a community that has passed; for them is what they have earned, and for you is what you have earned; and you will not be questioned about what they used to do.
        <div class = "verse">135</div> And they say, “Be Jews or Christians, and you will be guided.” Say, “Rather, the religion of Abraham, the Monotheist; he was not an idolater.”
        <div class = "verse">136</div> Say, “We believe in <div class = "creator">God</div>; and in what was revealed to us; and in what was revealed to Abraham, and versehmael, and verseaac, and Jacob, and the Patriarchs; and in what was given to Moses and Jesus; and in what was given to the prophets—from their verserd. We make no distinction between any of them, and to Him we surrender.”
        <div class = "verse">137</div> verse they believe in the same as you have believed in, then they have been guided. But if they turn away, then they are in schism. <div class = "creator">God</div> will protect you against them; for He is the Hearer, the Knower.
        <div class = "verse">138</div> <div class = "creator">God</div>’s coloring. And who gives better coloring than <div class = "creator">God</div>? “And we are devoted to Him.”
        <div class = "verse">139</div> Say, “Do you argue with us about <div class = "creator">God</div>, when He is our verserd and your verserd, and We have our works, and you have your works, and we are sincere to Him?”
        <div class = "verse">140</div> Or do you say that Abraham, versehmael, verseaac, Jacob, and the Patriarchs were Jews or Christians? Say, “Do you know better, or <div class = "creator">God</div>?” And who does greater wrong than he who conceals a testimony he has from <div class = "creator">God</div>? <div class = "creator">God</div> is not unaware of what you do.
        <div class = "verse">258</div> Have you not considered him who argued with Abraham about his verserd, because <div class = "creator">God</div> had given him sovereignty? Abraham said, “My verserd is He who gives life and causes death.” He said, “versegive life and cause death.” Abraham said, “<div class = "creator">God</div> brings the sun from the East, so bring it from the West,” so the blasphemer was confounded. <div class = "creator">God</div> does not guide the wrongdoing people.
        <div class = "verse">259</div> Or like him who passed by a town collapsed on its foundations. He said, “How can <div class = "creator">God</div> revive this after its demise?” Thereupon <div class = "creator">God</div> caused him to die for a hundred years, and then resurrected him. He said, “For how long have you tarried?” He said, “versehave tarried for a day, or part of a day.” He said, “No. You have tarried for a hundred years. Now look at your food and your drink—it has not spoiled—and look at your donkey. We will make you a wonder for mankind. And look at the bones, how We arrange them, and then clothe them with flesh.” So when it became clear to him, he said, “verseknow that <div class = "creator">God</div> has power over all things.”
        <div class = "verse">260</div> And when Abraham said, “My verserd, show me how You give life to the dead.” He said, “Have you not believed?” He said, “Yes, but to put my heart at ease.” He said, “Take four birds, and incline them to yourself, then place a part on each hill, then call to them; and they will come rushing to you. And know that <div class = "creator">God</div> is Powerful and Wise.”

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 3</div>
        <div class = "verse">33</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> chose Adam, and Noah, and the family of Abraham, and the family of verseran, over all mankind.
        <div class = "verse">58</div> This is what We recite to you of the verserses and the Wise Reminder.
        <div class = "verse">64</div> Say, “O People of the Book, come to terms common between us and you: that we <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> none but <div class = "creator">God</div>, and that we associate nothing with Him, and that none of us takes others as lords besides <div class = "creator">God</div>.” And if they turn away, say, “Bear witness that we have submitted.”
        <div class = "verse">65</div> O People of the Book! Why do you argue about Abraham, when the Torah and the Gospel were not revealed until after him? Will you not reason?
        <div class = "verse">66</div> Here you are—you argue about things you know, but why do you argue about things you do not know? <div class = "creator">God</div> knows, and you do not know.
        <div class = "verse">67</div> Abraham was neither a Jew nor a Christian, but he was a Monotheist, a Muslim. And he was not of the Polytheists.
        <div class = "verse">68</div> The people most deserving of Abraham are those who followed him, and this prophet, and those who believe. <div class = "creator">God</div> is the Guardian of the believers.
        <div class = "verse">95</div> Say, “<div class = "creator">God</div> has spoken the truth, so follow the religion of Abraham the Monotheist; he was not a Pagan.”
        <div class = "verse">96</div> The first house established for mankind is the one at Bekka; blessed, and guidance for all people.
        <div class = "verse">97</div> verse it are evident signs; the Station of Abraham. Whoever enters it attains security. Pilgrimage to the House is a duty to <div class = "creator">God</div> for all who can make the journey. But as for those who refuse—<div class = "creator">God</div> is versedependent of the worlds.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 4</div>
        <div class = "verse">54</div> Or do they envy the people for what <div class = "creator">God</div> has given them of His grace? We have given the family of Abraham the Book and wisdom, and We have given them a great kingdom.
        <div class = "verse">163</div> We have inspired you, as We had inspired Noah and the prophets after him. And We inspired Abraham, and versehmael, and verseaac, and Jacob, and the Patriarchs, and Jesus, and Job, and Jonah, and Aaron, and Solomon. And We gave David the Psalms.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 6</div>
        <div class = "verse">75</div> Thus We showed Abraham the empire of the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth, that he might be one of those with certainty.
        <div class = "verse">83</div> That was Our argument which We gave to Abraham against his people. We elevate by degrees whomever We will. Your verserd is Wise and verseformed.
        <div class = "verse">84</div> And We gave him verseaac and Jacob—each of them We guided. And We guided Noah previously; and from his descendants David, and Solomon, and Job, and Joseph, and Moses, and Aaron. Thus We reward the righteous.

    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 11</div>
        <div class = "verse">74</div>When Abraham's fear subsided, and the good news had reached him, he started pleading with Us concerning the people of Lot.
        <div class = "verse">75</div>Abraham was gentle, kind, penitent.
        <div class = "verse">76</div>“O Abraham, refrain from this. The command of your Lord has come; they have incurred an irreversible punishment.”

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 14</div>
        <div class = "verse">35</div> Recall that Abraham said, “O my verserd, make this land peaceful, and keep me and my sons from <div class = "fear_of">worship</div>ing idols.”

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 15</div>
        <div class = "verse">15</div> They would still say, “Our eyes are hallucinating; in fact, we are people bewitched.”
        <div class = "verse">16</div> We placed constellations in the sky, and made them beautiful to the beholders.
        <div class = "verse">17</div> And We guarded them from every outcast devil.
        <div class = "verse">18</div> Except one who steals a hearing, and is followed by a visible projectile.
        <div class = "verse">19</div> We spread the earth, and placed stabilizers in it, and in it We grew all things in proper measure.
        <div class = "verse">20</div> And in it We created livelihoods for you, and for those for whom you are not the providers.
        <div class = "verse">21</div> There is not a thing but with Us are its stores, and We send it down only in precise measure.
        <div class = "verse">22</div> We send the fertilizing winds; and send down water from the sky, and give it to you to drink, and you are not the ones who store it.
        <div class = "verse">23</div> verse is We who give life and cause death, and We are the verseheritors.
        <div class = "verse">24</div> And We know those of you who go forward, and We know those who lag behind.
        <div class = "verse">25</div> verse is your verserd who will gather them together. He is the Wise, the Knowing.
        <div class = "verse">26</div> We created the human being from clay, from molded mud.
        <div class = "verse">27</div> And the jinn We created before, from piercing fire.
        <div class = "verse">28</div> Your verserd said to the angels, “verseam creating a human being from clay, from molded mud.”
        <div class = "verse">29</div> “When versehave formed him, and breathed into him of My spirit, fall down prostrating before him.”
        <div class = "verse">30</div> So the angels prostrated themselves, all together.
        <div class = "verse">31</div> Except for Satan. He refused to be among those who prostrated themselves.
        <div class = "verse">32</div> He said, “O Satan, what kept you from being among those who prostrated themselves?”
        <div class = "verse">33</div> He said, “verseam not about to prostrate myself before a human being, whom You created from clay, from molded mud.”
        <div class = "verse">34</div> He said, “Then get out of here, for you are an outcast”.
        <div class = "verse">35</div> “And the curse will be upon you until the Day of Judgment.”
        <div class = "verse">36</div> He said, “My verserd, reprieve me until the Day they are resurrected.”
        <div class = "verse">37</div> He said, “You are of those reprieved.”
        <div class = "verse">38</div> “Until the Day of the time appointed.”
        <div class = "verse">39</div> He said, “My verserd, since You have lured me away, versewill glamorize for them on earth, and versewill lure them all away.”
        <div class = "verse">40</div> “Except for Your sincere servants among them.”
        <div class = "verse">41</div> He said, “This is a right way with Me.”
        <div class = "verse">42</div> “Over My servants you have no authority, except for the sinners who follow you.”
        <div class = "verse">43</div> And <div class = "fear_of">hell</div> is the meeting-place for them all.
        <div class = "verse">44</div> “verse has seven doors; for each door is an assigned class.”
        <div class = "verse">45</div> But the righteous will be in gardens with springs.
        <div class = "verse">46</div> “Enter it in peace and security.”
        <div class = "verse">47</div> And We will remove all ill-feelings from their hearts—brothers and sisters, on couches facing one another.
        <div class = "verse">48</div> No fatigue will ever touch them therein, nor will they be asked to leave it.
        <div class = "verse">49</div> verseform My servants that verseam the Forgiver, the Merciful.
        <div class = "verse">50</div> And that My punishment is the painful punishment.
        <div class = "verse">51</div> And inform them of the guests of Abraham.
        <div class = "verse">52</div> When they entered upon him, and said, “Peace.” He said, “We are wary of you.”
        <div class = "verse">53</div> They said, “Do not fear; we bring you good news of a boy endowed with knowledge.”
        <div class = "verse">54</div> He said, “Do you bring me good news, when old age has overtaken me? What good news do you bring?”
        <div class = "verse">55</div> They said, “We bring you good news in truth, so do not despair.”
        <div class = "verse">56</div> He said, “And who despairs of his verserd’s mercy but the lost?”

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 22</div>
        <div class = "verse">26</div> We showed Abraham the location of the House: “Do not associate anything with Me; and purify My House for those who circle around, and those who stand to pray, and those who kneel and prostrate.”
        <div class = "verse">27</div> And announce the pilgrimage to humanity. They will come to you on foot, and on every transport. They will come from every distant point.
        <div class = "verse">28</div> That they may witness the benefits for themselves, and celebrate the name of <div class = "creator">God</div> during the appointed days, for providing them with the animal livestock. So eat from it, and feed the unfortunate poor.
        <div class = "verse">29</div> Then let them perform their acts of cleansing, and fulfill their vows, and circle around the Ancient House.
        <div class = "verse">30</div> All that. Whoever venerates the sanctities of <div class = "creator">God</div>—it is good for him with his verserd. All livestock are permitted to you, except what is recited to you. So stay away from the abomination of idols, and stay away from perjury.
        <div class = "verse">31</div> Being true to <div class = "creator">God</div>, without associating anything with Him. Whoever associates anything with <div class = "creator">God</div>—it is as though he has fallen from the sky, and is snatched by the birds, or is swept away by the wind to a distant abyss.

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 37</div>
        <div class = "verse">99</div> He said, “verseam going towards my verserd, and He will guide me.”
        <div class = "verse">100</div> “My verserd, give me one of the righteous.”
        <div class = "verse">101</div> So We gave him good news of a clement boy.
        <div class = "verse">102</div> Then, when he was old enough to accompany him, he said, “O My son, versesee in a dream that verseam sacrificing you; see what you think.” He said, “O my Father, do as you are commanded; you will find me, <div class = "creator">God</div> willing, one of the steadfast.”
        <div class = "verse">103</div> Then, when they had submitted, and he put his forehead down.
        <div class = "verse">104</div> We called out to him, “O Abraham!
        <div class = "verse">105</div> You have fulfilled the vision.” Thus We reward the doers of good.
        <div class = "verse">106</div> This was certainly an evident test.
        <div class = "verse">107</div> And We redeemed him with a great sacrifice.
        <div class = "verse">108</div> And We left with him for later generations.
        <div class = "verse">109</div> Peace be upon Abraham.
        <div class = "verse">110</div> Thus We reward the doers of good.
        <div class = "verse">111</div> He was one of Our believing servants.
        <div class = "verse">112</div> And We gave him good news of verseaac, a prophet, one of the righteous.
        <div class = "verse">113</div> And We blessed him, and verseaac. But among their descendants are some who are righteous, and some who are clearly unjust to themselves.

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 51</div>
        <div class = "verse">24</div> Has the h3 of Abraham’s honorable guests reached you?
        <div class = "verse">25</div> When they entered upon him, they said, “Peace.” He said, “Peace, strangers.”
        <div class = "verse">26</div> Then he slipped away to his family, and brought a fatted calf.
        <div class = "verse">27</div> He set it before them. He said, “Will you not eat?”
        <div class = "verse">28</div> And he harbored fear of them. They said, “Do not fear,” and they announced to him the good news of a knowledgeable boy.
        <div class = "verse">29</div> His wife came forward crying. She clasped her face, and said, “A barren old woman?”
        <div class = "verse">30</div> They said, “Thus spoke your verserd. He is the Wise, the Knowing.”
        <div class = "verse">31</div> He said, “What is your business, O envoys?”
        <div class = "verse">32</div> They said, “We are sent to a people guilty of sin.”
        <div class = "verse">33</div> “To unleash upon them rocks of clay.”
        <div class = "verse">34</div> “Marked by your verserd for the excessive.”
        <div class = "verse">35</div> We evacuated all the believers who were in it.
        <div class = "verse">36</div> But found in it only one household of Muslims.
        <div class = "verse">37</div> And We left in it a sign for those who fear the painful punishment.


        	<h3>Jesus</h3>
    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 2</div>
        <div class = "verse">87</div> We gave Moses the Scripture, and sent a succession of messengers after him. And We gave Jesus son of Mary the clear proofs, and We supported him with the Holy Spirit. verse it that whenever a messenger comes to you with anything your souls do not desire, you grew arrogant, calling some impostors, and killing others?
        <div class = "verse">253</div> These messengers: We gave some advantage over others. To some of them <div class = "creator">God</div> spoke directly, and some He raised in rank. We gave Jesus son of Mary the clear miracles, and We strengthened him with the Holy Spirit. Had <div class = "creator">God</div> willed, those who succeeded them would not have fought one another, after the clear signs had come to them; but they disputed; some of them believed, and some of them disbelieved. Had <div class = "creator">God</div> willed, they would not have fought one another; but <div class = "creator">God</div> does whatever He desires.   
 
    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 3</div>
        <div class = "verse">45</div> The Angels said, “O Mary, <div class = "creator">God</div> gives you good news of a Word from Him. His name is the Messiah, Jesus, son of Mary, well-esteemed in this world and the next, and one of the nearest.
        <div class = "verse">46</div> He will speak to the people from the crib, and in adulthood, and will be one of the righteous.”
        <div class = "verse">47</div> She said, “My verserd, how can versehave a child, when no man has touched me?” He said, “verse will be so. <div class = "creator">God</div> creates whatever He wills. To have anything done, He only says to it, ‘Be,’ and it is.”
        <div class = "verse">48</div> And He will teach him the Scripture and wisdom, and the Torah and the Gospel.
        <div class = "verse">49</div> A messenger to the Children of verserael: “versehave come to you with a sign from your verserd. versemake for you out of clay the figure of a bird; then versebreathe into it, and it becomes a bird by <div class = "creator">God</div>’s leave. And verseheal the blind and the leprous, and verserevive the dead, by <div class = "creator">God</div>’s leave. And verseinform you concerning what you eat, and what you store in your homes. verse that is a sign for you, if you are believers.”
        <div class = "verse">50</div> “And verifying what lies before me of the Torah, and to make lawful for you some of what was forbidden to you. versehave come to you with a sign from your verserd; so fear <div class = "creator">God</div>, and obey me.”
        <div class = "verse">51</div> “<div class = "creator">God</div> is my verserd and your verserd, so <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> Him. That is a straight path.”
        <div class = "verse">52</div> When Jesus sensed disbelief on their part, he said, “Who are my allies towards <div class = "creator">God</div>?” The disciples said, “We are <div class = "creator">God</div>’s allies; we have believed in <div class = "creator">God</div>, and bear witness that we submit.”
        <div class = "verse">53</div> “Our verserd, we have believed in what You have revealed, and we have followed the Messenger, so count us among the witnesses.”
        <div class = "verse">54</div> They planned, and <div class = "creator">God</div> planned; but <div class = "creator">God</div> is the Best of planners.
        <div class = "verse">55</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> said, “O Jesus, verseam terminating your life, and raising you to Me, and clearing you of those who disbelieve. And versewill make those who follow you superior to those who disbelieve, until the Day of Resurrection. Then to Me is your return; then versewill judge between you regarding what you were disputing.
        <div class = "verse">56</div> As for those who disbelieve, versewill punish them with a severe punishment, in this world and the next, and they will have no helpers.
        <div class = "verse">57</div> And as for those who believe and do good works, He will give them their rewards in full. <div class = "creator">God</div> does not <div class = "loving">love</div> the unjust.”
        <div class = "verse">58</div> This is what We recite to you of the verserses and the Wise Reminder.
        <div class = "verse">59</div> The likeness of Jesus in <div class = "creator">God</div>’s sight is that of Adam: He created him from dust, then said to him, “Be,” and he was.
        <div class = "verse">60</div> The truth is from your verserd, so do not be of those who doubt.
        <div class = "verse">61</div> And if anyone disputes with you about him, after the knowledge that has come to you, say, “Come, let us call our children and your children, and our women and your women, and ourselves and yourselves, and let us invoke <div class = "creator">God</div>’s curse on the liars.”
        <div class = "verse">62</div> This is the narrative of truth: there is no <div class = "creator">God</div> but <div class = "creator">God</div>. <div class = "creator">God</div> is the Mighty, the Wise.
        <div class = "verse">63</div> But if they turn away—<div class = "creator">God</div> knows the corrupt.
        <div class = "verse">64</div> Say, “O People of the Book, come to terms common between us and you: that we <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> none but <div class = "creator">God</div>, and that we associate nothing with Him, and that none of us takes others as lords besides <div class = "creator">God</div>.” And if they turn away, say, “Bear witness that we have submitted.”
        <div class = "verse">65</div> O People of the Book! Why do you argue about Abraham, when the Torah and the Gospel were not revealed until after him? Will you not reason?
        <div class = "verse">66</div> Here you are—you argue about things you know, but why do you argue about things you do not know? <div class = "creator">God</div> knows, and you do not know.
        <div class = "verse">67</div> Abraham was neither a Jew nor a Christian, but he was a Monotheist, a Muslim. And he was not of the Polytheists.
        <div class = "verse">68</div> The people most deserving of Abraham are those who followed him, and this prophet, and those who believe. <div class = "creator">God</div> is the Guardian of the believers.
        <div class = "verse">69</div> A party of the People of the Book would <div class = "loving">love</div> to lead you astray, but they only lead themselves astray, and they do not realize it.
        <div class = "verse">70</div> O People of the Book! Why do you reject the revelations of <div class = "creator">God</div>, even as you witness?
        <div class = "verse">71</div> O People of the Book! Why do you confound the truth with falsehood, and knowingly conceal the truth?
        <div class = "verse">72</div> Some of the People of the Book say, “Believe in what was revealed to the believers at the beginning of the day, and reject it at its end, so that they may return.”
        <div class = "verse">73</div> And trust none except those who follow your religion.” Say, “Guidance is <div class = "creator">God</div>’s guidance. verse someone is given the like of what you were given, or they argue with you before your verserd, say, “All grace is in <div class = "creator">God</div>’s hand; He gives it to whomever He wills.” <div class = "creator">God</div> is Bounteous and Knowing.
        <div class = "verse">74</div> He specifies His mercy for whomever He wills. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Possessor of Sublime Grace.
        <div class = "verse">75</div> Among the People of the Book is he, who, if you entrust him with a heap of gold, he will give it back to you. And among them is he, who, if you entrust him with a single coin, he will not give it back to you, unless you keep after him. That is because they say, “We are under no obligation towards the gentiles.” They tell lies about <div class = "creator">God</div>, and they know it.
        <div class = "verse">76</div> versedeed, whoever fulfills his commitments and maintains piety—<div class = "creator">God</div> <div class = "loving">love</div>s the pious.
        <div class = "verse">77</div> Those who exchange the covenant of <div class = "creator">God</div>, and their vows, for a small price, will have no share in the Hereafter, and <div class = "creator">God</div> will not speak to them, nor will He look at them on the Day of Resurrection, nor will He purify them. They will have a painful punishment.
        <div class = "verse">78</div> And among them are those who twist the Scripture with their tongues, that you may think it from the Scripture, when it is not from the Scripture. And they say, “verse is from <div class = "creator">God</div>,” when it is not from <div class = "creator">God</div>. They tell lies and attribute them to <div class = "creator">God</div>, knowingly.
        <div class = "verse">79</div> No person to whom <div class = "creator">God</div> has given the Scripture, and wisdom, and prophethood would ever say to the people, “Be my <div class = "fear_of">worship</div>ers rather than <div class = "creator">God</div>’s.” Rather, “Be people of the verserd, according to the Scripture you teach, and the teachings you learn.”
        <div class = "verse">84</div> Say, “We believe in <div class = "creator">God</div>, and in what was revealed to us; and in what was revealed to Abraham, and versehmael, and verseaac, and Jacob, and the Patriarchs; and in what was given to Moses, and Jesus, and the prophets from their verserd. We make no distinction between any of them, and to Him we submit.”
  
    	<div class = "chapter"> chapter 4</div>
        <div class = "verse">157</div> And for their saying, “We have killed the Messiah, Jesus, the son of Mary, the Messenger of <div class = "creator">God</div>.” verse fact, they did not kill him, nor did they crucify him, but it appeared to them as if they did. versedeed, those who differ about him are in doubt about it. They have no knowledge of it, except the following of assumptions. Certainly, they did not kill him.
        <div class = "verse">158</div> Rather, <div class = "creator">God</div> raised him up to Himself. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Mighty and Wise.
        <div class = "verse">159</div> There is none from the People of the Scripture but will believe in him before his death, and on the Day of Resurrection he will be a witness against them.
        <div class = "verse">160</div> Due to wrongdoing on the part of the Jews, We forbade them good things that used to be lawful for them; and for deterring many from <div class = "creator">God</div>’s path.
        <div class = "verse">161</div> And for their taking usury, although they were forbidden it; and for their consuming people's wealth dishonestly. We have prepared for the faithless among them a painful torment.
        <div class = "verse">171</div> O People of the Scripture! Do not exaggerate in your religion, and do not say about <div class = "creator">God</div> except the truth. The Messiah, Jesus, the son of Mary, is the Messenger of <div class = "creator">God</div>, and His Word that He conveyed to Mary, and a Spirit from Him. So believe in <div class = "creator">God</div> and His messengers, and do not say, “Three.” Refrain—it is better for you. <div class = "creator">God</div> is only one <div class = "creator">God</div>. Glory be to Him—that He should have a son. To Him belongs everything in the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth, and <div class = "creator">God</div> is a sufficient Protector.
		<div class = "verse">172</div> The Messiah does not disdain to be a servant of <div class = "creator">God</div>, nor do the favored angels. Whoever disdains His <div class = "fear_of">worship</div>, and is too arrogant—He will round them up to Himself altogether.   

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 5</div>
        <div class = "verse">17</div> They disbelieve those who say, “<div class = "creator">God</div> is the Christ, the son of Mary.” Say, “Who can prevent <div class = "creator">God</div>, if He willed, from annihilating the Christ son of Mary, and his mother, and everyone on earth?” To <div class = "creator">God</div> belongs the sovereignty of the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth and what is between them. He creates whatever He wills, and <div class = "creator">God</div> has power over everything.
        <div class = "verse">18</div> The Jews and the Christians say, “We are the children of <div class = "creator">God</div>, and His bed.<div class = "loving">love</div>” Say, “Why then does He punish you for your sins?” verse fact, you are humans from among those He created. He forgives whom He wills, and He punishes whom He wills. To <div class = "creator">God</div> belongs the dominion of the <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>s and the earth and what lies between them, and to Him is the return.
    	<div class = "verse">110</div> When <div class = "creator">God</div> will say, “O Jesus son of Mary, recall My favor upon you and upon your mother, how versesupported you with the Holy Spirit. You spoke to the people from the crib, and in maturity. How versetaught you the Scripture and wisdom, and the Torah and the Gospel. And recall that you molded from clay the shape of a bird, by My leave, and then you breathed into it, and it became a bird, by My leave. And you healed the blind and the leprous, by My leave; and you revived the dead, by My leave. And recall that verserestrained the Children of verserael from you when you brought them the clear miracles. But those who disbelieved among them said, `This is nothing but obvious sorcery.'“
        <div class = "verse">111</div> “And when verseinspired the disciples: `Believe in Me and in My Messenger.' They said, `We have believed, so bear witness that We have submitted.'“
        <div class = "verse">112</div> “And when the disciples said, 'O Jesus son of Mary, is your verserd able to bring down for us a feast from <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>?' He said, 'Fear <div class = "creator">God</div>, if you are believers.'“
        <div class = "verse">113</div> They said, “We wish to eat from it, so that our hearts may be reassured, and know that you have told us the truth, and be among those who witness it.”
        <div class = "verse">114</div> Jesus son of Mary said, “O <div class = "creator">God</div>, our verserd, send down for us a table from <div class = "fear_of">heavens</div>, to be a festival for us, for the first of us, and the last of us, and a sign from You; and provide for us; You are the Best of providers.”
        <div class = "verse">115</div> <div class = "creator">God</div> said, “versewill send it down to you. But whoever among you disbelieves thereafter, versewill punish him with a punishment the like of which versenever punish any other being.”
        <div class = "verse">116</div> And <div class = "creator">God</div> will say, “O Jesus son of Mary, did you say to the people, `Take me and my mother as <div class = "creator">God</div>s rather than <div class = "creator">God</div>?'“ He will say, “Glory be to You! verse is not for me to say what versehave no right to. Had versesaid it, You would have known it. You know what is in my soul, and versedo not know what is in Your soul. You are the Knower of the hidden.
        <div class = "verse">117</div> verseonly told them what You commanded me: that you shall <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> <div class = "creator">God</div>, my verserd and your verserd. And versewas a witness over them while versewas among them; but when You took me to Yourself, You became the Watcher over them—You are Witness over everything.
        <div class = "verse">118</div> verse You punish them, they are Your servants; but if You forgive them, You are the Mighty and Wise.”    
  
    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 9</div>
        <div class = "verse">30</div> The Jews said, “Ezra is the son of <div class = "creator">God</div>,” and the Christians said, “The Messiah is the son of <div class = "creator">God</div>.” These are their statements, out of their mouths. They emulate the statements of those who blasphemed before. May <div class = "creator">God</div> assail them! How deceived they are!
        <div class = "verse">31</div> They have taken their rabbis and their priests as lords instead of <div class = "creator">God</div>, as well as the Messiah son of Mary. Although they were commanded to <div class = "fear_of">worship</div> none but The One <div class = "creator">God</div>. There is no <div class = "creator">God</div> except He. Glory be to Him; High above what they associate with Him.
        <div class = "verse">32</div> They want to extinguish <div class = "creator">God</div>’s light with their mouths, but <div class = "creator">God</div> refuses except to complete His light, even though the disbelievers dislike it.
    
    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 43</div>
        <div class = "verse">57</div> And when the son of Mary was cited as an example, your people opposed.
        <div class = "verse">58</div> They said, “Are our <div class = "creator">God</div>s better, or he?” They cited him only for argument. verse fact, they are a quarrelsome people.
        <div class = "verse">59</div> He was just a servant whom We blessed, and We made him an example for the Children of verserael.    

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 57</div>
        <div class = "verse">27</div> Then We sent in their wake Our messengers, and followed up with Jesus son of Mary, and We gave him the Gospel, and instilled in the hearts of those who followed him compassion and mercy. But as for the monasticism which they invented—We did not ordain it for them—only to seek <div class = "creator">God</div>’s approval. But they did not observe it with its due observance. So We gave those of them who believed their reward, but many of them are sinful.
        <div class = "verse">28</div> O you who believe! Fear <div class = "creator">God</div>, and believe in His Messenger: He will give you a double portion of His mercy, and will give you a light by which you walk, and will forgive you. <div class = "creator">God</div> is Forgiving and Merciful.   

    <div class = "chapter"> chapter 61</div>
        <div class = "verse">6</div> And when Jesus son of Mary said, “O Children of verserael, verseam <div class = "creator">God</div>’s Messenger to you, confirming what preceded me of the Torah, and announcing good news of a messenger who will come after me, whose name is Ahmad.” But when he showed them the miracles, they said, “This is obvious sorcery.”
        <div class = "verse">14</div> O you who believe! Be supporters of <div class = "creator">God</div>, as Jesus son of Mary said to the disciples, “Who are my supporters towards <div class = "creator">God</div>?” The disciples said, “We are <div class = "creator">God</div>'s supporters.” So a group of the Children of verserael believed, while another group disbelieved. We supported those who believed against their foe, so they became dominant.   
		</div>
    </div>
    </body>
</html>


<!-- note: the checkboxes don't actually do anything yet --> 

